who has the most to lose?
what was deflated as much as new england patriots footballs?
what does john d. sutter say the endangeredriver would be a sexy bastard in this channel
who would be a sexy bastard in this channel?
who answered kemba's floater with a three! game?
what is the game tied at?
how many games did kemba's game tie?
who did m0nstars beggins answer with a three! game?
what is the name of the shooting star?
what kind of surprise did the author have?
who does adam dhit tweet about?
what does adam dhit do about the dog?
who is looking good in practice?
what is tsonga looking good in practice ahead of?
where did mukuria chege walk past?
what was westgate's favorite mall?
where did the inmates look at the hole cut in the wall?
what was the hole cut in?
what event is yblume excited about?
what year did judy blume start researching this novel?
who is trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame @sengillibrand?
who is trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve?
what does rand paul resolve to speak in?
what is bc a progressive populist candidate focused on?
who is emilia clooney celebrating?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is the luckiest girl in the universe?
what is meredith salenger the luckiest girl in the universe?
who is jeb bush giving 5 stars?
what is jimmy kimmel giving 5 stars?
who is lenny kravitz talking about?
what kind of guitar does lenny kravitz use?
who is the european tour celebrating?
where did he aces the 15th?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who did john colapinto say keep it up?
who did john colapinto say keep it up?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like her blog calling her fat?
what will we wear today?
who is the nypd hat honoring?
how did giancarlo suffer facial lacerations?
who gets things done?
who did donald get things done?
how many miles is the belgium camp?
what did klinsmann offer to give a ride?
who did jay sean read about?
who did paul walker die?
when does mayor mark wait until we are old enough?
who is the mayor of daniel?
what was the show of the 21st century?
what year was the greatest television show of the 21st century?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with the cavs?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take us to?
what are they trying to undermine?
who is trying to undermine democracies?
what is the extent of the outage?
who affected the facebook outage?
who is super heroes?
what is being announced?
who is greg cosell talking to?
what does greg cosell like to talk about?
who did charles nasr help?
where did charles nasri help abraham berry?
what hashtag is alexavega referring to?
what did alexavega say you were an amazing tv daddy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
what is the former ice cream store being submerged in water?
who is jemmye hanks tweeting about?
who lost a significant other?
who managed all three strikes with just its announcement?
what is the author of MAN of STEEL?
who is paying homage?
who is paying homage?
where did ben bradlee take the photo?
what was the photo taken at don graham's farewell party?
where did leslie jones watch?
where did leslie jones watch the olympics?
what is the newly minted partnership with republic records?
who is a newly minted partnership with?
what does trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did lzhernandez meet in one day?
who is waiting in a parking lot on waterman ave?
where did office workers wait in a parking lot on waterman ave?
where did the storm intensify?
how many storms has he intensified into?
what did not a single man accept?
what color isn't enough?
what does keegan allen say he does at the end of the season?
what did mute bae say he hasn't used aIM in years?
how much goes to charity?
who was pranked by @dmicelinelson?
who doesn't get to export abuse against journalists to america?
what does turkish president obama not export to america?
what is aprie grudier wearing at work?
where is aprie grudier freezing?
who spent half his life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
what did patty spend half of her athroom with a transgender sister?
who osted this video of him on ellentube?
who posted this video of portia & i have a kid?
who does liam love when families stick together?
what does david levitz love when families stick together?
what does cher want to do?
what is swiss ARMy MAN doing?
where is swiss morgan trolling the audience?
where is izureen going to die?
what is ureen going to do?
what is not fair for to attack hillary clinton?
what is not fair for sanders to attack hillary clinton?
who did grace show?
how did grace veander waal end the show?
who did emma stone say you didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone not save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what will john legere do to take his rants to the airwaves?
why did cara delevingne rant over?
what would happen if he wasn't able to vent to you guys?
who did sarah have a pink ring?
what did the m&g propose to sebastian?
who is a trump supporter?
where did turkish fans booed a minute of silence?
who booed a minute of silence?
where is wallstar inducted into the ukathletics hall of fame?
who is inducted into the ukathletics hall of fame?
who did bassellalad wear his romphim?
what is bassellalad wearing?
what is an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in clinton's losing campaign?
what is the video of melissa clinton/sean spicer cruising down the street?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
what will the glory of the lord be revealed?
what does staples show us?
what is the prize?
who is the author of this tweet?
what can do that?
who is baron damm running for?
who is the running mate of donald trump?
what is arie trying to tell?
who is trying to comfort someone while telling a sad story?
what does reese witherspoon say everybody knows now?
who does reese witherspoon never apologize for snuggling?
who did future say his kids ain't his main priority?
who does future say isn't his main priority?
what has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
who has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
what is officially dead today?
what did dani delete?
who did chrissy teigen say they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who did eric eisenberg see back in action?
what does eric eisenberg think is fantastic?
who did cassell say his statements were false and known by him to be false?
who filed a court complaint?
who passed away?
who is josh gad sad to learn that #mikenichols has passed?
what did full frontal leave?
what was jordan feldstein so saddened?
what country is naturally segregated?
who is in the middle of the middle?
who is the change that we seek?
who is obama happy with?
where did military police try to arrest kim?
what did macedonean military police do?
what is james harry in?
who is listening to righteouscc radio?
who kissed simone biles on the cheek?
what did he kiss?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did daniel majewski say they were fine with?
what can't they wait for?
what festival is tummy sticks talking about?
what is the election over?
how many years has nick jonas been making this record?
what year and a half has nick made?
where is donald trump's statement?
what did donald trump say about a story that was broadcast on?
what will steven bowditch head to the last?
where is steven bowditch heading to the last?
what does paul bissonnette want GMs to play with?
what does the biggest thing make GM's feel?
what did evrett edwards plant?
where did evrett edwards planted the iowa flag?
what service does star wars brat want someone to start?
what is the job of a president?
what is the job of a president?
who did psalm, noma, paul, noma and cherrelle give insight about working on harryotte
who is working on harry otter?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
what is mike shinoda feeling?
who has a few ideas brewing?
what is joss whedon talking about?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who is crashing a photography session?
where is the caps sens?
who did the red wings not believe would get?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
what makes zayn name one of the shoes 'zigi'?
who has a shoe collection?
what does he look at?
what will be thru the roof?
who did he just spin?
who did joe pettyton mention?
what is the favorite part of the video of matthiah mcconaughey driving students around for surewalk?
where did matt mcconaughey drive students?
who is the tweeter talking about?
what does this look like?
who deserves to be?
where did katyperry pull up to liberation?
where did grace aroune bill hader perform a senior prank?
who did a senior prank at iroquois high school?
who is uncertain if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
who is malkin unsure if he will need surgery on his elbow?
what does mike keaton call 'hisdden?
who calls 'hisdden figures'?
who asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what was a korean group playing?
what does tria think y'all are?
who is the queen meeting?
who is the queen meeting?
who is picking up a strike in downtown boston?
what city is the #verizonstrike picketing in?
what locker room is set for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi vs. canada?
where was the player's arrival?
who was mandy moore proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about sterling krown?
who is coming to an end?
how sad is the tig?
what is monika bittner standing in line with chara?
when is monika bittner standing in line with chara to use the restroom?
where is traffic set up?
what is john boyega excited about?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what is @therealeve excited for?
what is jeopardy gonna have in today's game?
who is jeopardy a member of?
what does lebron james have every game he plays?
who is ramon herencia proud to have this tattoo?
where did we map amber waves of grain?
what states are the most popular?
who is the worst airline in america?
where is the worst airline in america?
who plays his brother?
who is the prop from?
who is canceling all appearances?
where is the governor going to visit north stl county?
who was drake dancing like?
what was dr kevin dancing like?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia interested in?
what did chron get up shots after?
what did he bring you to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
where did he bring you in the shower to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
where did gal gadot shuns heel?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
where is tarik el-bashir interviewing ovechkin?
who released music together?
what did selena & abel release?
what kind of story does steve garris think looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
who looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what is katy gosselin wearing?
who is beyonce's wax figure?
what is the weather channel talking about?
where are the impact plans for memorial day weekend?
who is the cover shoot from?
what kind of cover shoot is kimkardashian's first?
who is being asked about?
who is being asked about hanzal?
what movie is brian truitt talking about?
what kind of characters does blackpanther boast?
what did elaine degeneres forget?
where did elen degeneres go?
who doesn't see color?
what does chris brown think of the red cross?
who will chris brown go to?
who scored 37pts against tonight?
who was watching the warriors tonight?
where did the eagles of death metal return?
where did the eagles of death metal return to paris?
who does octavia spencer want to miss?
what does obama think this country needs a trump presidency to see?
who is he challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many people are challenging money2 to a 3 point contest?
who does rachel handler have arms?
who loved to act?
what could stop daniel roberts?
who traded on ice 1030?
when did dustin penner traded?
what awards did justin bieber thank for?
what did justin bieber say he had a great time?
what did tim burchett say is the right decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition to the zamboni unveiled?
who is the new addition to?
where did lindsayell perform?
who has asked lindsayell not to come bc of his personal life?
what type of hack did merck confirm his company's computer network was compromised?
who sang the national anthem at the lildickytweets concert?
what is jimmy harbaugh singing?
who performed'smelly cat'?
what did lisa kudrow perform?
how long ago would arie say?
who would have said 5 years ago?
what does trinity bramhall refuse?
what did kerry washington say is an important 1 that needs to be had?
what does kerry washington say about KWs cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye do when he stands up?
who does kyrieirving hand his first Celtics jersey?
where did kyrieirving hand his dad his first?
where is he taking this season?
who is aking this season to the maks?
who is the chief strategiest?
what year did eric lazarus's "new colossus" be added to the statue of liberty?
what year was the new colossus used to raise funds for?
who did one of the most despicable things he've ever seen happen on television?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who is the mayor of?
who threatens a professor?
what culture does the media decry?
what does he wish he was an american?
what does he wish he was?
who was transferring 53 million into a joint account?
what was kim kim kardashian late to?
who is at the edsheeran show sippin from a red solo cup?
what type of cup is tom hummingston from?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who does michael roston think you don't have to wear that dress tonight?
when does he want to wear a dress?
who goes 5th?
who was told one team has ranked 6th?
who is already tired of taylor swift and tom hiddleston?
how long has he known about taylor swift and tom hiddleston?
who is r.i.p?
who is the kindest people you could ever hoped to meet?
where is bill mccartney a rock star?
who has a rock-star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who wants to play with cbs this morning?
what is kelly xu's role model?
who is billboard's generation's gay icon?
what isnt an explicit and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many people are killed?
what did the offensive fouls do on inbound plays to help the Celtics pull it out?
how many offensive fouls did harden get on inbound plays?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did a jury deliberate longer in the cosby case?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
who is liam happy to have signed to?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is emma happy to show all of you the teaser poster for beauty and the beast?
what are women nominated for?
when did the exchange take place?
who did behs chargers soccer exchange with center?
how long was coldplay traded?
what would you have traded coldplay for five minutes?
who is the ultimate surprise to tom hiddleston?
who is living his best life at this ed sheeran concert?
what did he take time to talk him through?
where did blakeshelton spend an entire day?
how long did eurovision last?
who is europe less hung up about gay stuff?
where did a bunch of us go?
who died so we could see that was his mission?
who fixed the logo for james?
what amount did milo receive?
what did katieledecky get through the MEDAL detector?
who got through the MEDAL detector?
who did charlie bartlett pray for strength to his family?
who is anton elchin thanks for?
who has the goods?
who is confronting its role in the world?
what does allys likeastar say you were good until he read the r-?
where did allyslikeastar say they were good until he read the r-word?
who is the tweeter talking about?
how does nbcsnl see a lot of themselves in you?
who does lin-manuel love?
what does lin-manuel love?
what did the president ask the president?
who did the president ask for his resignation?
what did martha stewart illuminate?
what did martha stewart say about her grandchildren?
who must be laughing more at the constant negative press?
what does russian officials have to be laughing more at?
where are the queen and members of the royal family standing?
who is the queen & members of the royal family standing on the balcony of buckingham palace?
what is marimekko's haul?
what did kukkatori print?
what does empire want to forget?
where did cookie's fur match the best?
what is zac efron watching?
what is zac efron watching?
what does he welcome?
who doesn't want the support of mcadam, immelt and their friends?
what is ron coogler directing?
where is sam smith's heart?
what is sam smith's heart with?
who did simone biles smile after her best bar routine?
what did simon biles do after the olympics?
what does john green say he won't use in a book or elsewhere?
what movie is it not?
who was a great reminder from?
what color should you wear if you are not able to strike?
who is han solo cuz playing?
who is daniel gloria playing?
who is arriving in london?
who is arriving in london?
what is the fastest time the team has scored in their postseason history?
what time span did the predators score in a 2:19 time span?
who hits stands 3/15?
how many people were cited to announce elliegoulding's cover star?
who spoke in harvard's @jfkjrforum?
when will sen rand paul speak in harvard's @jfkjrforum?
who does holly callender want to punch herself in the face?
who is from the bachelor?
what is ryan's daughter?
who is rebecca mich happy with?
what is rebecca mich's timeline?
who did tyra banks have a dream?
who had a dream so we could one?
who will support michael and deandrejordan6?
who will support kdrey5 and deandre?
what is world's top selling watch ahead of rolx?
who is world's top selling watch?
who broke the third rule of dua lipa?
who broke the rule of dua lipa?
who recorded "after everything I've done for you"?
who is dj amplin a genius?
what must the internet remain?
what did he sign an executive order to protect?
who is toya's heart going out to?
who is better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before leaking to the press?
where did james comey leak to?
what did jordansdiamonds support and campaign for?
what did jordansdiamonds say to jordansdiamonds?
where is the rapper from?
what song is dr dr king on?
what is daniel pope making things worse?
who is carly seeing at the starwars fan concert?
who is carly mallenbaum seeing at the starwars fan concert?
who is being traded back?
what are the texans open to?
what does ceelo look like?
who did she thank for the birthday card and twenty dollars?
how much was the birthday card?
what program does mike euzione support?
in what year did Janet release an anthem to a friend she lost to HIV/AIDS?
what kind of anthem did Janet lose to?
who is rob smith lecturing?
what would martin luther king do?
who is justin bieber?
who is watching justin bieber's set?
who refers to their lies as "alternative facts"?
who was unnecessary?
what is ed sheeran not doing again?
who was harassed by trump supporters?
who harassed a muslim student?
what did jay walker want to get on the7line web site?
how do you get amets tattoo on the 7line web site?
who is rebooting back to the future?
who is he rebooting back to the future with?
who wants to go home?
how many people are talking about the island girl?
who is the new york yankees talking about?
when did jacobyellsbury record his 9th catcher interference?
what did cruelty never make?
who did cruelty never make anyone a winner?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what movie is rob lowe talking about?
what movie is the new hero in town?
what rock hall is bon jovi?
what are the votes, posts, and videos?
who will not play tonight?
what will jimmy drouin play on tonight?
who does lena love?
what does lena dunham say she may not wear?
how long was jason demers excited to be part of the sharks organization?
what organization is jason demers a part of?
who is partnering with the walking dead?
what are people trying to recreate the photo of drake?
where did carly mallenbaum see the view?
how long has kanye seen this view?
who is eb confused at?
what does eb want to put out?
what is the member of the tenors singing here?
what did the member of the tenors hold?
who is kerry mahony using so many phrases like slob kabob?
who is elizabeth using phrases like slob kabob?
who is maeve mcdermott wearing a rose?
what is maeve mcdermott wearing?
what does lady gaga need?
what does lady gaga want eyes to do?
what makes arie excited?
what does thankso jones like to revisit wilson's world?
in what year did kanye revisit wilson's world?
what did the cnn do?
what does everyone make?
what is the phony and dishonest trump investigation running?
who did billie jean king say ited for her?
what is billie jean king excited for?
what sport did mike mazzeo play?
what did the officials think it was a foul?
what is elizabeth degeneres happy for?
what are the ones who have eggs as their profile pics?
where did megan walker make the decision?
who made the decision?
who does britany packnett say this happens to?
what does britany packnett do to black women?
what is lefou's "gay moment" in?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who did summer gory-Martin wish understood the importance of this issue?
what is u.s. opinion about?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how long did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who had a glass of wine?
what kind of wine did the sergio garcia drink?
who has been snubbed?
what did u by kotex get?
what bandages are covered with?
who is sporting her natural hair?
what is zazie sporting?
who did trump expect better from?
what did trump expect better from megynkelly?
what is safe and sound in amb doer’s office?
who is the white house beer in ambdoer’s office?
what does the americans need to know?
what is the only color you need to know?
what does the restaurant menu print?
what restaurant is made with arkit?
who did he really try to make this about?
what did he try to make this about?
who is the giant herd of?
where is the giant herd of stars wars concert attendees?
who is an icon?
who is being cast in wrinkle in time?
who is john legere talking about?
what does stephen colbert want to bring back?
who is in russia?
where is anze kopitar arriving?
where is anze kopitar?
who is trending right now?
what day did regina glenn trending?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the democrats smiling?
what is he doing with nhl?
what kind of series is the olympics producing?
what do you get once in your life?
what does she get a free pass to laugh at?
who did matt lucas depend on?
who has always depended on strangers?
who is chris hemsworth referring to?
who is algadot asking?
who is putting up shots in l.a.
where is he putting up shots?
who did chris stapleton carry an acoustic guitar more often?
what awards did jtimberlake receive?
who had a heart attack?
what did gloria r. r. martin have?
who was the heart and engine of the great show?
who was malcolm young on the road with?
what was mike richards charged for entering canada?
where was mike richards charged for possession of controlled substance?
what should nobody in their right mind do about curry?
what does baron davis want to do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family make the trip?
who made the trip to adreian payne and the spartan basketball?
who is taking the dancing ABc stage?
what is mrdrew scott doing tonight?
who is giving an honourary decoration to?
where did the concert go?
who drops the microphone?
what is the way a president drops the microphone?
what would celebs make to get retweets?
who will always love you?
what is the caged?
what should we do to introduce albus potter to?
who is harry, ginny and albus talking about?
what is las vegas' dream?
how independent is rachel  Lindsay?
what does rette keep grass cut low?
what is kim keeping a secret?
what is NICKI MINAJ writing raps for?
who is nik morgan writing raps for?
what does she know about it?
what is she trying to come to terms with?
who is jay z making a mini series?
what is jay z making a mini series?
what will be gone fast?
who did reince priebus give free pair of limited-edition ocks?
where is he going to visit?
who leaves three states he has yet to visit?
who stepped out today?
what does the duchess love?
who plans to appear at rangers spring training?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who won a taylor?
who is chrissy teigen talking about?
where did melania trump think of those hurt?
what did melania trump think of?
who did paris blue tweet about?
who is paris blue referring to?
what series does eugene hope he gets cast on?
who has given her new life?
what has ghully wilson given him new?
what was rihanna put on this earth?
where was rihanna slaughtered?
how fast is the evening pass?
what kind of glasses did Patricio BG drink?
where is billy horschel playing?
who is playing in the pro-am today?
what does rick and morty want to do?
what is the mcnugga?
who does not make her fit to "represent" the gay community as a gay icon?
who is ariana's fan base?
what did nicki get beat?
where did nicki come?
what can people learn to hate?
what must people learn to do if they can learn to hate?
who did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who is missing the golden globes?
what is corinne foxx able to announce?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
who did jose manuel calderon wake up every morning?
what does chrissy teigen call the short?
who does chrissyteigen call the skirt?
how many turnovers did jogi ferrell run?
who credits improved assist to ratio to tom crean?
what race has a emmy NOMINATION?
who is bringing calyn home?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is a dear friend laughing hysterically?
who does donald trump refuse to call a bimbo?
who does donald trump refuse to call megyn kelly?
why does brad paul say he is happy?
what does brad paisley mean by "he"?
what are citizens appealing to their future VPOTUS?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is ben thanking for the image of the night?
what does violence need to be condemned?
what is lena dunham joking about?
what does lena want?
what is kelech okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when did kelechne okafor apply for a job?
who is adding a little gay to their tale?
what is a little gay to the tale?
where was the high turnout of black women?
who was the high turnout of in alabama's senate election?
who sent a video message to tracee ellis ross?
what film did charlie obama celebrate?
how long was the train not arriving?
who sounds like a train easing into the station?
what kind of hamburger does a cafe create for the guy who likes to?
which cafe creates a trump burger for the guy who likes to ham it up?
what is sean mcElwee talking about?
what does sean seize?
who had a salt-and-pepper haired, gap toothed baby?
what did he have a salt-and-pepper haired?
what does giphy know about love?
who is giphy tweeting about?
what is lebron driving?
who is lebron driving a kia?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is the next bachelor?
who is incorporated into a wilson's world skit?
what year did kanye west skit?
who will play comey in the movie?
what year was the movie about tom hanks?
what was his dad's battle with?
how many people have a hard battle with colon cancer?
who announced her retirement?
how many years did Cathy lanier retire?
what march is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
where is the march the least embarrassing thing to happen?
what does kristen steves introduce?
who introduces a short film?
what does mike moore say everyone must do when they have a great candidate?
where was the black turnout today?
who did patrick ryan write about?
what does paul ryan think it has to begin with?
who is kim kardashian's candy shop?
what does kim not play with?
what is the way they run to?
what does finnsdamneron think people are silly?
who is raveling psychologically/emotionally?
who is coming unhinged?
what does tyrann mathieu say to another person?
what does tyrann mathieu say she is deceased?
what sport is the best?
what is jordin tootoo giving chris nelson the fight for?
what does her daughter get?
what was she nominated for?
what can we do to personalize shopping?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on the new law & order SVU?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is dewey october 12th?
what did the cops say next time he gets stopped by the cops?
who is niall horan going to miss?
who is the nicest family on?
what does nbc news say good did not win this election?
who did patriots RB snap in win over?
what day is ryan seacrest's cheerleader?
who is nseacrest's number one?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together on a line depending on how the game plays out?
who will coach bylsma use together on a line depending on how the game plays out?
what should trump be given?
what kind of "tapes" of people colluding?
where did students take the campus to protest racist graffiti?
what did students take the campus to protest?
who is being framed by pat Quinn Way & Griffiths Way?
who will be framed by?
what demographic is steph curry targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who did kermit ask for a song to release on christmas?
what did eric mayhem ask for?
what did nott jmiller work?
what day will nott jmiller join him?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a message?
who did obama joke to?
what country did obama joke to?
what app does wil use to meet people and have dates?
what is an app like tinder?
what does akira miele think there needs to be?
who needs a massive expansion of retraining and counseling?
what did lzhernandez and iam vac dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes police reform possible?
what can we legally limit cops to 9-11 calls?
where was the bus located?
what state is jsu not yet able to tell us who was on the bus?
who are the critics of criticschoice?
where are the deaththreats going overboard?
who doesn't get it?
what is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
what is the best day of their lives?
what did lauren cosgrove thank everyone for?
what did lin-manuel play?
what did lin-manuel say when he played this for his neighbor?
what is the name of the new united airlines mottos?
what airline is the name of the hospital?
who is she interviewing?
who is interviewing mrs. dancerie mary?
who say there's discrimination against whites because of race?
why does more than half of white americans say there's discrimination against whites?
what do we become silent about?
who is elizabeth degeneres talking about?
who hasn't wanted to punch matthew perry?
who hasn't wanted to punch jennifer?
who does mandy moore believe the way this thing has turned?
what is mandy moore trying to be hopeful?
who did jeff zillgitt tweet about?
who put bigger onus on the olympics?
who showed up to the px hockey league?
what did kane guy show up to?
what clause did dubinsky sign for upcoming season?
how long did dubinsky have a no-move clause?
who is on #gots7?
where is ed sheeran going?
who would enjoy justice league more?
who would enjoy justice league more?
what does krysilove like now?
what does krysilove fry?
who hosts teamHeadsTogether runners?
where is the duchess of cambridge hosting teamHeadsTogether runners?
what are kids growing up in a heteronormative society confused?
what society are kids growing up in?
who did feisty obama give?
how old is the iphone?
what did apple slow the phone?
who is kristian nairn sharing his cake with?
what game of thrones did kristian nairn do to poor hodor?
who shared a great chapter of a blockbuster franchise?
who does jabari love?
who is gibbons on lifting his arm up?
what has he been getting a hard time about?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who took a spot away from a far more deserving player?
what are a black-eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give kanye a career?
what is kanye going to give kanye?
what does sarah silverman think someone gives her?
what did sarah silverman give her hope?
when was ed sheeran made an MBE?
who made ed sheeran an MBE?
who beat west virginia by 10?
how many points did alabama beat west virginia?
who is performing at the hollywood bowl tonight?
who conducts orchestra?
what was found on the side of eu's queen hall?
where was the hate speech found?
when did the party happen?
who didn't throw a party?
what is the best spotken word album?
what year did it take a village?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
what kind of people are killed in california this month?
what did ivy park try on?
where did cara ann kelly try to grab everything from?
who's shocked face is meryl streep?
who is a source with knowledge?
what is jimmy kardashian being treated?
what kind of ting hit hard on lester and lackey?
who is getting hit hard on lester and lackey?
what does chrissy teigen miss?
who does chrissy teigen miss?
who belongs in the cabinet?
what is trump's cabinet?
who did conan o'brien replace david letterman?
who replaced paul o'brien?
what will the border patrol officer do?
who is he talking about?
who is he talking about?
who took a stick to the face?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face?
who did the campaign book say it's like growing up in singapur?
where is shia labeouf growing up?
who is enjoying the holiday season?
what does iggy azala feel about holiday season?
who is the tweeter thanking for reminding us of our strength?
what is beyonce saying about beyonce?
what is the name of the song?
what is spider mable on her way to save?
who does dave misstaine hate?
who is down blake in 7 OT's?
when did chelsea woke up?
where did chelsea handler wake up in the middle of the night?
where was the world holding kanye down?
who holds kanye down?
who is justinkirkland watching?
who are they talking about?
what kind of execs are screaming at each other?
what is westJet introducing?
what was the aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
who is living his best super bowl?
how many inches does kim kardashian weigh?
what is kim kim's ass doing?
what did arine sharpshooter everitt john jameson do?
who did jean eric vergne ask for?
who did jean eric vergne pray for?
who will always remember this powerful performance?
what store is she talking with?
who is chatting with in sjp's first stand alone store?
what is priyanka thanking for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what is the idea that there can only be a few black actors taking central stage at a time?
who is casting and darkening her skin?
what will we be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what kind of stone of hope will we be able to hew out of?
what did the tweet show?
what did the tweet show?
what movie is being reenactment of the monstars?
who is doing a pretty good reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm this sason was?
how long was deray in the cell?
what does deray mckesson think if you want to test a man's character, give him?
what summer is the issue?
who shot the summer issue?
who shared island recordings and a love for music?
what did doloriordan share?
who is benedict cumberbatch and a tennis player?
who is benedict cumberbatch and a nice chap?
who is right?
what does ambassador rice want to do?
what does he live for?
who does he live for?
where is the live look in from?
what does the penguins want to live in the locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does everyone need?
where is madonna at?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would have split matilda between?
what does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
what is scott growing his beard until the season ends?
what is scott sabol growing his beard until either the browns win or the end of the season?
who is seth thomas?
who is the family of?
who ets on twitter and sees people in his mentions who think he's @marsh54?
what is kathleen talking about?
who does ernie kelly wish she looked like?
what did erin wish he looked like?
who does erni ebooks have ur DNA results, birth certificate, and family records?
what is the name of the kanye casting?
where did the fire take place?
who did p.k. subban spend with?
what did coach add to p.k. subban's family?
what happened every morning?
what does this need to do?
who floored halsey?
what does halsey love?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who is sharing the stage with ming xi?
how many characters used to define nick jonas' point of view?
how many characters does nick jonas feel about sharing?
what do they do?
what did irls do to steal people's boyfriends?
who did ece toksabay say boo minute of silence for paris attacks?
who is ece toksabay chanting before?
what song is coldplay performing?
what is luke bryan performing on the biggest stage?
where is the national anthem?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
what does hemsworth compare guns with?
what are people cheering the president's motorcade?
what is dewayne wickham cheering?
who does he want to be like when he grows up?
when does he think they grow up?
what is rdashian west doing if you're still up and reading this?
who is kim kardashian west tweeting about?
what does leanne rimes need to pull of?
who is giving it up for?
what does liam take advantage of?
what is prince doing at the rally?
who is prince doing "baltimore" at rally4peace?
where did renaud lavoie realize the meeting was?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to go back?
what song did eltonjohn play?
where did eltonjohn play blue wonderful?
what did he write to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who wrote a bill to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who is playing matt bomer?
who is michelle rodriguez playing?
who is tearing up the community?
who should condemn these acts of violence?
who is about to lose it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who ever thought, "wow, you look familiar?"
what does justinkirkland think you look?
who was there when texas needed him?
what was @jjwatt honored to help make?
where did the plane land?
where was the plane landing?
who is the woman holding?
who is the woman holding mjolnir?
who won every poll of the debate tonight?
what did frank luntz win?
what gets a 10 tho right?
how many kisses did the kiss get?
who returned to 8h* with a special message?
who did tina fey return to 8h* with a special message?
what kind of carpet did sonia hawks see?
what did sonia hawks see?
what does he rebuke?
who can y'all have for a president if you want?
what has sold out?
what did kim kardashian west say now the LIGHT has sold out?
what was anton elchin a truly kind person?
how did anton elchin pass?
who does not recall who's been naughty or nice?
what does jeff sessions on the shelf not recall?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who does rex huppke say is unspeakably hideous?
who is trump angry about?
what did simone biles think we were taking a picture?
when did simone biles kissed simone?
who has time to do the right thing?
when will angela eagle stand?
what is jimmy timberlake wearing in a goodwill donation bag?
what is jimmy timberlake wearing in a goodwill donation bag?
who did kalandria brown say he would have voted for trump?
what did kalandria brown say he would have voted for trump?
what did rob post about blis chyna?
what kind of porn did rob post?
what commercial does frank thorp think the cabinet needs to look like?
who does rep sanford think the cabinet needs to look like a benetton commercial?
who defines what it means to be cool?
what does @hailey baldwin define in her new shoot for?
what did someone leave?
where did someone leave a waterbottle?
what did she go back to?
who is trending over brangelina's divorce?
who did pucks on net love?
who is the #canucks?
who is jalen rose talking about?
who did steph have in his life?
who is allan walsha talking with?
who should relax on desean jackson?
how many yards did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the cauldron?
who did he accept the challenge?
who is in love?
where did cattie hallway slam face into?
who saved the met gala?
what did rihanna save every time?
where did bill mcconnell meet?
what time was bill mcconnell talking about?
who did brianna yellen thank for the beautiful scene?
what did brianna yellen thank vb biden and mariska for?
what does lin-manuel say his dad can't stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel mourinho cry?
where did sam hinkie get youSee you?
who did sam henkie get to see?
how many people texted marissa?
how many people are asking me if i saw pizza rat?
who is poppy miller tweeting about?
what is poppy miller feeling about sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
who can change the world?
what group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world?
how many hockey jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
who does eric stangel want to buy 10,000 hockey jerseys?
what did the police do?
who was messed with the wrong one?
who closed the deal to play comey?
what is kyle chandler playing in american crime story?
where is steven samkos showing some good power?
what does kylie jenner think we've all realized?
what is to zoe saldana?
who has never felt more solidarity with?
what does jon levine say he has never felt more solidarity with ann coulter than?
what is bill o'brien giving to start offseason earlier?
who is bil o'brien giving an impassioned plea to start offseason?
what is jussie smollett talking about?
who does jussie smollett love?
what is the video set to reunion?
what year is he looking forward to seeing?
how many years has she taken a break from making movies?
who does he want to say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what is being deprogrammed?
who is correcting this error?
what can we expect oprah to do with just two hands?
where is christian wood sad to see you go?
what did christian wood do as a freshman and as a kid?
what does snoop dogg give away to a witch?
what kind of fundraiser is snoop dogg giving away?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
what number of general manager in nyr franchise history is jeff gorton named?
who did tyrabanks tell on "we were rooting for you!"
who did carly mallenbaum say we were rooting for?
who was very complimentary to trump?
who told the mayor of san jimmy that you must be nasty to trump?
who does drake congratulate?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to the stars cast?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to?
where will mammoth be open daily?
when will mammoth be open?
what is the hotline number for this state?
what does this state celebrate?
who is welcoming to the red carpet?
who is welcoming their troops to the red carpet?
who does marcus love?
what does he love?
who congratulated me on a great speech?
what did donald trump congratulate?
who takes to the skies for an aircadets flight simulator training session?
what is the duchess taking to the skies?
what is taylor swift putting back her music?
what is katy perry doing tonight?
what does josh wonder why we don't like?
what is john krasinski thanking for?
what did john find after the picture was taken?
who is mad at this dude lmaooo?
where is josh groban eating the tiniest cookie?
what does josh want to do?
what is jimmie johnson a chance to honor?
what sport is jimmie johnson honoring?
what did jason aldean add to his family?
what year gets this year?
how many ex-Googlers are ex-Googlers?
what is the stated business model?
who ended their win streak?
how many wins does the indins win streak end?
what does joe hope kids don't make running up to ppl's erous?
what does he hope kids don't make running up to ppl's homes a thing?
what was the fire on?
how many passengers were on board?