who has the most to lose?
what deflated as much as new england patriots footballs?
what would be a sexy bastard in this channel if he turns?
what is a sexy bastard?
who answered kemba's floater with a three?
what is the score of the game?
what was the score of the game?
what did wiggins answer with a three?
what is the name of the star?
what was the name of the event?
who is adam davis asking about the dog?
what does adam davis want to eat at the pizza?
who is looking good in practice?
when is tsonga practicing?
where did mukuria chege go shopping?
what mall was westgate?
who was one of the inmates?
what happened in the cell of one of escaped inmates?
what is yblume excited about?
when did judy blume start researching this novel?
who is elizabeth warren congratulating?
who is elizabeth warren trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve to do?
what does rand paul want to do with his words?
what should a progressive populist candidate do?
what is emilia claudia doing to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is the luckiest happiest girl in the universe?
where is she the luckiest happiest girl?
who is @jebbush giving 5 stars to?
why is jeb bush giving @jimmykimmel 5 stars?
who did nny kravitz say passed away?
what instrument does lenny kravitz play?
what is miguel aces?
how far did miguel ace the 15th?
who does he want to go out as a champ?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like @chrisspags blog calling her fat?
what will we wear during bp?
who is the nypd honoring?
what happened to giancarlo?
what does melania trump say about donald?
who said donald gets things done?
how far is belgium camp from canceled game at us base?
what did klinsmann not use to give a ride?
who's death makes jay sick?
how old was paul walker when he died?
when should we wait to see if he's of voting age?
who is dylan talking to?
what two shows of the 21st century were mentioned?
what year was breaking bad?
who does lebron james not have a meeting set with?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take amber and her friend?
what is russia trying to do?
who does lindsey graham think you don't have to be to figure out what russia is up to?
what is the map showing?
who is affected by the facebook outage?
who is announcing super hero girls?
what is the name of the new dc super hero girls?
who does colu go out of his way to find on podcasts?
what does greg cosell enjoy listening to?
who did charles ramsey help rescue?
where did charles ramsey help rescue amanda berry?
what hashtag does alexa penavega use in her tweet?
how does alexa feel about david assidy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
what is the name of the former ice cream store?
who is jemmye carroll's twitter handle?
how did jemmye carroll die?
what prequel is franklin harris tweeting about?
what is rypton a prequel to?
who is paying homage at the show?
who is paying homage?
where did the photo take place?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
what did leslie jones get two ways to watch?
what country is the olympics in?
what is the new partnership?
who is dnce & a newly minted partnership with?
what can trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did laurie hernandez meet in one day?
who waits in a parking lot?
where are the office workers?
what is the name of the storm?
how many named storms are in the atlantic?
what did not a single man accept?
what color is the tuxedo?
what does keegan allen say he doesn't know?
what kind of stuff hasn't been used by aim in 15 years?
how much goes to charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who doesn't get to export abuse against journalists to america?
what does erdogan not get to export to america?
what is aprie grudier wearing at work?
when is aprie grudier freezing?
who spent half her life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of her life did she spend with a transgender sister?
who posted this video of him on ellentube?
where did ellen post the video of her kid?
who does liam say he likes the show?
what does liam love when families stick together?
what does cher want people to do?
what is swiss army man trolling the audience?
where is swiss army man from?
where is izureen asking if she is going to die?
what is the question asked?
who is attacking hillary clinton?
what bill did sanders vote for?
who did carly mallenbaum show with the song that made her famous?
what did the song do?
who didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone say ryan didn't save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what did john legere do to take his rants to the airwaves?
why did cara delevingne apologize?
what would happen if cara wasn't able to vent?
who just acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
what did m&g propose to mrs. goddard?
who is a trump supporter?
what country did paris attacks play against?
what nationality were the fans?
where is this special night?
who is getting inducted into the uk athletics hall of fame?
who is @bassellalsad shooing away?
what did bassellalsad wear this summer?
what is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign?
where is melissa mccartney/sean spicer cruising down the street?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
who shall see the glory of the Lord?
what does staples us want you to do?
what prize pack is being won?
who is celebrating mlk day?
what can do that?
who is the running mate for pizza rat?
who is donald trump's running mate?
what is arie trying to comfort?
who is trying to comfort someone?
what does reese witherspoon like to snuggle with oprah?
who is reese witherspoon snuggling with?
who are they mad at?
future has flat out said who ain't his main priority?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
who did discovery take a nosedive in recent years?
what app is dead?
what did dani delete?
who will not be able to sleep until she knows how this person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been majorly inconvenienced?
who is it amazing to see back in action?
what is once again fantastic?
who's statements were known to be false?
who filed the complaint?
who did josh gad say passed away?
what did josh gad say he was saddened to learn mike nichols had passed?
why is he leaving?
what did iggy azalea say about jordan feldstein?
what city is naturally segregated?
what ethnicity is chicago?
who said "we are the change that we seek"?
what day is being celebrated?
what country did the military police arrest kim hjelmgaard?
why did macedonian military police try to arrest kim hjelmgaard?
what is james harrison talking about?
who sings "anyone on my team sits for anthem, they better be in a wheelchair"?
who did simone billes kiss?
where did zac efron kiss simone?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did usatoday find out about 9/11?
what can't they wait for?
where are the thinkpieces from?
what did abfoundation say election is over?
how long has nick jonas been making this record?
what has nick jonas been making for a year and a half?
what country was trump's statement in reference to?
what channel was the story broadcast on?
how much of a lead does steven bowditch have?
where will steven bowditch head with a four-shot lead?
what should gms play with?
what does paul bissonnette want gm's to feel?
what did evrett edwards plant?
where did evrett edwards plant the iowa flag?
what service does star wars brat want to start?
what is the job of a president to do?
what does trump believe in?
who gave insights about working on harry potter play?
what did paul, noma and cherrelle work on?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
how did mike shinoda feel?
who has a few ideas brewing for batgirl?
what is joss whedon brewing ideas for?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who crashed a photography session?
where can you bid for a chance to take home one of these autographed @washcaps sweaters?
who agreed to a three-year deal?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
who makes zayn name one of the shoes 'zig'?
who has a shoe collection?
what is paul f. tompkins looking at?
what does everyone know?
what did questlove just spin?
who mentioned "boogieman"?
who is driving the students?
where is matthew mcconaughey driving students?
who took blank space to a whole new level?
what does iftlin call blank space taken to a whole new level?
what does nyasha think anyone who can keep a straight face while mary j. blige is singing at them deserves
where did katyperry pull up to?
where did bill hader do a senior prank?
who did bill hader prank at iroquois high school?
who is unsure if he will need surgery on his elbow?
what type of surgery is pending?
what is michael keaton calling hidden?
who called hidden fences?
who asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what did people ask why a korean group was playing?
what is tony cest doing?
who did the queen meet at whipsnade?
why are some people nervous?
what country is the strike in?
where is the picketing?
who has a lockerroom set for player arrival?
where is the team usa waiting in for the player's arrival?
who gave a speech?
how did mandy moore feel about terling krown?
what is coming to an end?
how does the tig end?
where is monika standing in line with chara to use?
what year was monika bittner tweeting about?
where is the traffic set up?
what will john boyega film?
what tour is gwen stefani excited for?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what will you have if you're a member of the beyhive?
what is a member of?
what is lebron james proud to have?
who has a king james tattoo?
what country did they map?
what are the most popular beers in which states?
who thinks delta is the worst airline in america?
what airline is the worst airline in america?
who plays nick kroll's brother?
what movie is the prop from?
who is cancelling all appearances at the @mostatefair?
why are all appearances cancelled?
who was drake dancing like?
what is drake dancing like in his music video?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia labeouf interested in?
when is steven curry getting up shots?
where did they bring paul?
what show does paul appear on?
what did gal gadot shun heels in favor of?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
what is ryzgalov interviewing ovechkin?
who will release music together?
what did selena & abel release?
who looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
who is trevor story from?
what color ensemble is katie gosselin wearing?
who does beyonce's wax figure look like?
what causes travel headaches and impact plans?
where are the rain & storms expected to impact?
who is in the photos from the cover shoot?
who did kim kardashian shoot for?
who are the coyotes getting asked about?
who is getting attention in ari?
what movie is brian truitt tweeting about?
what kind of characters does black panther have?
what did ellen forget?
where has ellen degeneres not been allowed into?
who doesn't see color?
what organization is chris brown talking about?
who will chris brown's donation go to?
who did kevin durant score against tonight?
who did earvin magic johnson hope was watching?
where did the eagles of death metal make their triumphant return to?
what concert is the eagles of death metal at?
who is octavia spencer going to miss?
what does octavia spencer think this country needs a trump presidency to see?
who is kevin challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many points are being challenged to green?
who does rachel handler want to know if she has arms?
who loved/lived to act?
what could stop doris roberts from acting?
who is on ice?
when was jsyk told they were on ice?
who did justin bieber thank for the honor?
what did justin bieber say about the nrjawards 2015?
what did tim burchett say about the decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition unveiled?
who is in the 1st intermission?
where did lindsay ell have a performance today?
who asked lindsay ell not to come?
what happened to the company's computer network?
who sang the national anthem?
what was jim harbaugh singing at the concert?
who did rob ellis show get to perform smelly cat?
what song did lisa kudrow perform?
when would the bachelor lady have said "i'm so excited to watch arie as #thebachelor"?
what would have been said 5 years ago?
why does trinity refuse to call muggle no-maj?
how does kerry washington feel about opening the conversation?
how does kerry washington describe KWs cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye only sound like when he stands up?
who is kyrie irving handing his jersey to?
what does kyrie irving hand his dad?
where is he taking this season?
who is aking this season to the maks?
who is the chief strategist?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
when was emma lazarus's pedestal raised?
who did one of the most despicable things on tv?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who said there is no reason to be alarmed?
who threatened a professor?
what will media decry?
what makes igabs chuks wish he was an american?
what does igabs chuks wish he was?
who is late to the party?
why is she late to the party?
who is at the edsheeran show?
what color solo cup is tom hiddleston sipping from?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who is michael roston tweeting about?
what does the pope say you don't have to wear the dress to?
who went 5th?
who is ranked 6th?
who is taylor swift dating?
how long has nick walker known about taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is ryan adams tweeting about?
who are chris benenington and ryan adams friends with?
what panel did bill murray have a rock-star arrival at?
who has a rock-star arrival at the rock the casbah panel?
who is kelly xu playing with?
what type of role model is kelly xu?
who does billboard think is her generation's gay icon?
what isn't an explicitly and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many bike gang violence kills?
who were two straight offensive fouls on?
how many offensive fouls did harden get?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did a jury deliberate longer in the cosby case than in the philando casile?
who hopes to follow in their footsteps?
who does @capitoluk have an amazing history of?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is the teaser poster for beauty and the beast?
what awards season is it?
what was an interesting exchange?
who pleads case to center?
how long was coldplay traded for?
what would you have traded for?
where is tom hiddleston going?
who is living his best life at an ed sheeran concert?
what did he talk through?
where did he spend an entire day?
how many years has eurovision been running?
who is less hung up about gay stuff than europe?
where did a bunch of us go?
who had a vision?
who's logo was fixed?
how much money did milo receive?
what did katie eledecky get through the detector?
who did it take to get through the detector?
who was a good man?
what did anton yelchin thank?
who has the goods?
what is confronting its role in the world?
what word did she read?
what was good until i read the r-word?
who does saturday night live air on?
what does nbcsnl see in saturday night live?
what is ny strong and full of?
how is ny full of everyday heroes?
what did the president effectively ask sessions for?
what newspaper is preet bharara tweeting about?
who did martha stewart illuminate just one tree for?
what holiday is martha stewart tweeting about?
who must be laughing even more?
what are the russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
who are the queen and royal family watching?
what is the haul for?
what did marimekko for target haul include?
what did empire want to forget?
who does cookie's fur match best?
what is zac efron watching?
what does zac efron want to dominate?
what does bernie sanders welcome?
who do mcadam, immelt and their friends belong to?
what movie is ryan coogler directing?
where did the tragedy take place?
what is sam smith feeling about new york?
who did nbc olympics tweet about?
what was simone biles doing after the olympics?
what won't john green use in a book?
where is it not?
who did washington send a reminder to strike?
what color did kerry washington say to wear on a tuesday?
who is playing han solo in the movie?
who is david dennis jr. feeling bad for?
who just arrived in london?
why did @makeitloudag arrive in london?
what was the fastest 3 goals the team has scored in postseason history?
how long did the predators score the 3 goals?
who is the cover star for april cover?
when does the issue hit?
who is speaking at harvard's jfk jr forum?
when will sen rand paul speak?
what movie is oscar from?
who does hannah callender think is from the bachelor?
who is vancity reynolds thankful for?
what is rebecca michealson's timeline?
what makes rebecca michelleson giddy?
who had a dream?
what day was dreamed about?
who does kdtrey5 and deandrejordan6 support?
who did nba olympics support?
what is the world's top selling watch?
who is apple watch ahead of?
what gender is selena gomez?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who recorded "after everything i've done for you"?
who is dl chanel recording for?
what must the internet remain?
what does andrew cuomo want the internet to remain free and open to all?
who does toya wright say her heart goes out to?
who should hope there are no "tapes" of our conversations?
who does comey want to leak to?
what kind of ticket did jordan support?
what does jordan say about jordan's support for the anti-lgbtq+ presidential ticket?
where is drake from?
what song is drake on?
what is he doing when he thinks things can't get any better?
where is the star wars fan concert?
who is carly mallenbaum talking about at the concert?
who is open to moving out of the 1st pick?
what are the texans open to?
what color is the mucinex booger?
who did charlotte wilder thank for the birthday card?
how much did charlotte wilder ask for?
who does meruzione wish good luck to?
when did janet release an anthem?
what disease did janet lose her friend to?
who is rob schneider lecturing?
what is rob schneider lecturing john lewis?
who is on bbc radio 1 right now?
what can you watch?
who refers to their lies as "alternative facts"?
who was unnecessary?
what is not ed sheeran's name?
what religion is the student that attends baruch?
who was harassing a muslim student?
what is jay walker wondering how to get his oo on the 7line web site?
what is jay walker wondering how to do with his tattoo?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what is paul feig rebooting back to the future?
who wants nicki minaj to go home?
how many people liked this tweet?
who's 9th catcher interference this season?
when did @jacobyellisbury record his 9th catcher interference this season?
what did cruelty never make?
what did madonna say to girl rosie?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what is new in the movie?
what is the new hero in town?
where did fans vote for bon jovi to be?
what did bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what did cooper say drouin will do?
who does lena dunham love?
what does lena may or may not wear?
how long was he excited to be a part of the sharks organization?
who is jason demers a part of?
who is partnering with the walking dead?
what did drake university put down to ensure an instagram quality photo?
what is the important update from?
how long have we seen this view?
who is eb confused at?
what is timberlake going to put out?
what is the member of the tenors singing?
what did the member of the tenors do?
who is kerry mahony talking about?
who is elizabeth calling slob kabob and unleashing her khaleesi?
who is reba referring to?
what is maeve mcdermott wearing?
what does lady gaga not need?
what does lady gaga think of amphetaminamybe?
what makes arie excited?
what is danko jones saying?
what are the jokes like?
what did @cnn do right?
what does everyone make?
who is donald trump running?
who is billie jean king tweeting about?
what does billie jean king want to do with her little girl?
what sport is mike mazeo talking about?
what did plumlee win?
what holiday is ellen celebrating?
what kind of people are undercover?
what did megan decide between uconn, nt and uconn?
who was espnw's #1 in 2017?
who does this happen to at work?
where does this happen?
where did lefou have a gay moment?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who does summer gory-martin wish understood the importance of this issue?
what is summer gonzalez-martin calling it?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who had a glass of wine?
what did @thesergiogarcia drink last night?
who has been snubbed?
what kind of blisters are covered with u by kotex?
what is u by?
who is sporting her natural hair as domino?
what is zazie sporting her natural hair as?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what did donald trump ask megyn kelly about?
where is the beer safe and sound?
who is thanking es?
who does the usc Trojans need to know?
what are the only colors you need to know?
what is arkit eating?
what does made with arkit do?
who did vanessa try not to make this about?
what did vance try not to make?
who has landed for now?
where is the herd of star wars concert attendees?
who was cast in wrinkle in time?
who did mindy kaling cast in wrinkle in time?
who should return note7 to stores?
what will trump bring back?
who does colbert want to bring back a copy of?
how many fans did anze kopitar arrive at his home rink?
where did anze kopitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
what day is regina george trending?
what have the freedom caucus saved?
where are the democrats smiling?
what is hbo doing?
what is hbo producing?
what do you get once in your life?
what do you get a free pass to laugh at?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
who does katie couric want to ask?
who does katie couric think has something to ask?
who is putting up shots in l.a?
where is gordon hayward putting up shots?
who is carrying an acoustic guitar more often?
what awards are being given to jimberlake?
who had a heart attack?
what did klye think of george r.r. martin?
who was the heart and engine of the great ac/dc show?
what show was malcolm young the heart and engine of?
what was mike richards charged for?
where was mike richards arrested for possession of controlled substance?
what should no one in their right mind do?
what should people do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family go?
who made the trip to msg?
who took the stage tonight?
what does jonathan scott want people to do?
who should be given an honourary decoration?
who did this concert do an amazing service to?
who drops the microphone and moves on down the road?
where did the president drop the microphone and move?
what did chrissy teigen make to get retweets?
who is donna brazile sad about?
what is the caged version of maya angelou?
what does pottermore want to do?
who should pottermore introduce you to?
what has been her lifelong dream?
how does rachel lindsay describe herself?
how often does rachel lindsay keep her grass cut low?
what is kim doing to keep the song a secret?
how does nicki feel about writing raps?
what will nicki minaj do?
what is shannon purser feeling about it?
what is she trying to come to terms with?
what did jay z make a mini series of?
what is the name of the mini series?
what will be gone fast?
whose limited-edition ocks is reince priebus tweeting about?
which states did idaho leave he has yet to visit?
who is going to idaho?
who stepped out in a dress?
what does styleuphoria think about the dress?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who is ronald wilson's baseball agent?
who won a ton?
who thinks john won a ton?
where were the protests?
what happened during the protests?
who is the official official?
what does justin bieber want you to watch?
what series is eugene mirman hoping to be cast on?
what revival news has given holly wilson new life?
what has ghoully wilson received?
what did rihanna do each year?
where did rihanna slaughter the competition?
how fast does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses does patricio bb drink?
where is billy horschel playing?
who is playing in the pro-am?
what is rick and morty talking about?
what is rick and morty talking about?
who's fan base is gay men?
a majority of ariana's fan base is who?
what happened outside with nicki's brothers?
where did nicki get beat up then come?
what can people be taught to do if they can learn to hate?
what must people learn to do?
what did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who will be miss golden globes 2016?
what will corinne foxx be?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
what city does jose manuel calderon want to pray for?
what does chrissy teigen call this?
who calls this the short skirt?
how many runs did yogi ferrell run?
who credits improved assist to to ratio to tom crean?
what drag race has an emmy nomination?
who did laura janee meet?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a lightweight reporter?
what will he call megyn kelly?
why is he happy?
what does he mean by "he"?
what should you listen to?
what are citizens appealing to?
who does ben thank?
what does john mccain say about violence?
what is an angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do?
what is kelechi okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when does kelechi okafor say "hite british"?
who added a little gay to their tale?
what is the old time of the disney tale?
in what state did black women turn out for the senate election?
who did alabama have a high turnout of in the senate election?
who sent a video message to treacee ellis ross?
what is michelle obama celebrating?
how many minutes did the train not arrive?
where is the goal horn located?
what does the guy like to eat?
what state is the cafe located in?
what is the millennial bill of rights?
what does sean mcelwee want to seize?
who had a salt-and-pepper baby?
what did mcdreamy have?
what is a lie?
who is giphy mourning?
what does lebron drive?
what does lebron do when he comes home?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is being made the next bachelor?
who is incorporated into a wright's world skit?
when will kanye west be incorporated into a wright's world skit?
who will play comey in the movie?
when will comey play tom hanks in the movie?
what disease did doug caliendo's dad have?
how many people are talking about this tweet?
who announced her retirement?
how long was chad lanier with the mpd?
what is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
what country did the juggalo march take place in?
what is the short film that kristen stewart introduces?
who introduces a short film?
what is tonight's lesson?
where was the black turnout today?
who said women who want to be musicians should step up?
who does patrick ryan think it has to begin with?
who's candy shop is this?
what does kim not play with?
what are they talking about?
why are they running to each other?
who is raveling psychologically/emotionally?
what is skip bayless sad about?
what does tyrann do when she calls her?
why does tyrann mathieu say she misses her husband and children?
what sport is the best?
what is chris neil fighting for?
what does her daughter get a block from school?
what did she wake up to?
why does fabletics want to eliminate waste?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on law & order svu?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who did dewey ocean get stopped by?
what did dewey ocean tell the cops?
who is niall going to miss?
how does niall describe the obamas?
what does madonna think about womens march?
who did the patriots win over?
what day is ryan seacrest thankful for?
what is nseacrest thankful for?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together on a line?
who will coach bylsma use together on a line?
what should donald trump be given?
how many "tapes" of t people colluding do they have?
what university is being protested?
what are eastern michigan university students protesting?
what arena is framed by pat quann way & gilberts way?
who will rogers arena be framed by?
who are steph curry and under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who did kermit the frog ask for a song to release on christmas?
what did kermit the frog ask @electricmayhem for?
what is nottjiller working on?
when will nott jiller join him on aetv?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a 657 word iMessage?
who does obama joke to?
where did obama joke to?
what app is wil using to meet people and have dates?
what do you use tinder to do?
what does akira miele think needs to be done?
who needs retraining and counseling?
what did lzhernandez and iamval dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes nationwide police reform possible?
what are we outlawing?
where was the bus going?
who is not yet able to tell us who was on the bus?
who should stop sending them to 9460 wilshire blvd?
where should people stop sending them to?
who doesn't get it?
what is donald trump being called?
what did tj oshie describe lyla's day?
thank you everyone for what?
what did lin-manuel play?
what did quairea say when she played the game?
what did they put in the new united airlines mottos?
who put the hospital in hospitality?
who is mary interviewing?
who is interviewing hillary?
more than half say there is discrimination against whites because of race?
why does more than half of white americans say there is discrimination against whites?
how do we end our lives?
who is ellen degeneres tweeting to?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who does justin trudeau want to rematch?
how does mandy moore feel about louise?
what is mandy moore trying to do?
who was yesterday and michael jordan today?
who did lebron james and jordan meet today?
who showed up to the pinnacles game last night?
what did kane do last night?
what did dubinsky sign?
how long did dubinsky contract last?
who is aoife mairéad going to?
where does aoife mairéad go to find a lover?
what would make @mjk_88 enjoy the justice league more?
what mustache keeps appearing and disappearing?
what does krysi love like now?
where does the grease fries her?
who hosts the #teamheadstogether runners at kensington palace?
where is the duchess hosting the runners?
who should we think about?
what kind of society are kids growing up in?
who did michelle obama give a hug to?
how long is mark n hamm's iphone?
what did apple do to the battery?
who is kristian nairn sharing her cake with?
what is kristen nairn sharing her cake with?
who is mangold congratulating?
who does jabari love?
who did gibbons say threw his arm up?
what did martin not celebrate on?
what do they join by?
what is the gift of?
who is sad that she took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what is a black eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give a career to?
what is kanye going to give paul mccartney?
what did someone give sarah silverman?
what did sarah silverman receive?
when was ed sheeran made an mbe?
who made ed sheeran an mbe?
who beat west virginia by 10?
how many points did alabama lose?
who is nikki kreuzer tweeting about?
who conducts the orchestra?
what was found on the side of emu's king hall this morning?
where was hate speech found?
what day of the week did taylor swift throw a party?
who did andrea maie say didn't throw a party?
what is the best spoken word album?
what year was the best spoken word album?
how many black men were shot dead in chile in 2015?
what ethnicity were the dead in chicago this month?
what did you try on from ivy park?
where did cara anne kelly try on everything?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at the afilife dinner?
who did aaron mintz tell kevin pritchard about plans?
who sent jimmy carter a message?
what team has hit hard on lester and lackey?
who did the red sox get hit hard from?
what does chrissy teigen miss?
who does chrissy teigen miss empathy for?
who's cabinet does snl say they belong in?
what is trump's cabinet full of?
who did conan o'brien replace david letterman with?
who did conan o'brien replace?
what will trump do?
who does andy cohen think it all comes down to?
who does andy cohen think it all comes down to?
who took a stick to the face from duncan keith?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face from?
who is growing up in singapore?
where did shia labeouf grow up?
who is enjoying the holiday season?
how does iggy azalea describe the holiday season?
who reminds us of our strength?
what is amandla thanking beyonce for reminding us of our strength?
who is flies through the air as her theme song plays?
what is spider mable trying to save?
who is losing it that malcolm is gone?
who beat buffalo in 7 ot's?
when did chelsea handler wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up in the middle of the night?
where did kanye's world hold kanye down?
who holds kanye down?
who did justin watch raven have a conversation with?
who is sarah imagining shouting at each other about henry cavill's mustache?
what is sarah's favorite part of justice league?
what is westjet doing?
what was the inspiration for the aircraft?
why is dancing guy living his best super bowl ever?
what is the name of the dancing guy?
how big is the ass?
what did kim kardashian do for joel mchale and his family?
what happened at pier 39?
who is jean eric vergne praying for?
who is jean-eric vergne praying for?
who performed at the vmas?
where is sarah jessica parker and george malkemus?
who is chatting with cara anne kelly?
what does priyanka thank you for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what is zoe saldana doing?
who is being cast?
with what will we be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will kerry washington be able to hew out of?
tweet did not show
tweet did not show
what movie is being reenacted?
what state is doing a reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm?
how many hours was deray in the cell?
what do you give a man if you want to test his character?
what is the cover for?
who did wonder-babe star in the summer issue?
who shared island records and a love for music?
what did melissa etheridge share?
who did ditzkoff meet?
what does dave itzkoff do?
who is right?
what does susan rice want to do?
what does @cos_ican live for?
who is selena ending?
where is the live look in from?
what is happening in the locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
who is the biggest harry song?
who is the biggest larry song?
what does everyone need?
where is the hostio de san jose?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
who does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
what does scott sabol want to grow his beard until?
why is scott sabol growing his beard?
who do thoughts and prayers go out to?
who is donna ray praying for?
who thinks he's @bmarshh54?
how does marshall describe himself?
who does erin kelly wish she looked like?
what does erin kelly feel about blakelively?
who's casting is this?
what type of behavior is kanye described as?
what is the name of the fire?
who did p.k. subban spend the day with?
coach adds that raci did not affect him
what is happening every morning?
what needs to happen?
who floored @halsey?
what kind of performance did gaaga do?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who shared the stage with ming xi?
how many characters did nick jonas use to define his point of view?
how many characters did nick jonas use to define his point of view?
what does she not do?
what happened to people's boyfriends?
who booed the minute of silence?
who are the fans chanting before?
what song is coldplay performing?
what is luke bryan performing?
where will luke bryan perform the national anthem?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what color people cheering the president's motorcade?
what are the black people cheering?
who does bcraw35 want to be like when he grows up?
when does he like @stephencurry30?
what should you send if you're still up?
who is kim kardashian tweeting about?
what does leann rimes think it takes stamina and hard work to pull off?
who is leann rimes giving up for?
what should you not take advantage of?
what is prince doing in baltimore?
what is prince doing at rally4peace?
where did the meeting take place?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to change?
what did elton john play at the sunset strip concert?
where did elton john play a song?
what is jeff flake writing with martin heinrich?
who is jeff flake writing a bill with?
who is playing the latest trans serial killer?
who is playing a trans woman+?
who is tearing up the community?
what community should condemn these acts of violence?
who is about to lose it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who did justin think looked familiar?
what does lee think lee would look like?
who was there when texas needed him?
what did @jjwatt make possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the plane land?
who is the woman holding?
what will old thor be known as?
who did donald trump say was dumb?
what did donald trump win?
what gets a 10?
how many points does the kiss get?
who returned to snl with a message for  Felicity jones?
who did tina fey send a special message to?
what color is the carpet?
what is on the carpet?
who does gabby sidibe rebuke?
who does gabby sidibe want for a president?
what has sold out?
what did kim say now the light has sold out?
what kind of person was anton yelchin?
what happened to anton yelchin?
who does not recall who’s been naughty or nice?
what does jeff sessions on the shelf not remember?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who should not be told his hall of presidents figure is unspeakably hideous?
what would be funny if you told donald trump his hall of presidents figure was unspeakably hideous?
what did simone biles do instead?
what year was this tweet posted?
who still has time to do the right thing?
when will eagle not announce?
where did justin timberlake find his outfit?
what is justin timberlake wearing?
who doesn't care about black people?
what would kanye west vote for?
what did rob post?
what did rob post that was not just "leaked nudes" but rather "revenge porn"?
what commercial does the cabinet need to look like?
who is governor?
who defines what it means to be cool?
what magazine is she shooting for?
what did someone leave in the photo?
where was the waterbottle left?
why did they go back to where they took a screenshot?
who is trending over brangelina's divorce?
what team does pat guinn play for?
who is playing for van canucks?
who did jalen rose mention in her tweet?
who does steph have in his life?
who thinks there should be no nhl games scheduled on deadline day?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many catches did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the punter?
what is kevin hart's challenge?
who is in love?
where does she slam her face into?
who saves the met gala?
what does rihanna save every time?
where was bill murray last night?
when did bill murray see him?
who did brianna yellen thank?
what did brianna thank @vp biden and mariska for?
what can't lin-manuel's dad stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel's mom cry?
where did sam hinkie get to see joel embiid?
who did sam hinkie get to see in nola?
how many people asked if they saw pizza rat?
what are people doing to marissa?
who is poppy miller talking about?
how do they feel about sharing the play?
what kind of citizens can change the world?
how many thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world?
how many mcdavid sabres hockey jerseys does eric stanger want to buy?
what team is mcdavid playing for?
where did the abuse take place?
what police messed with the wrong one?
who closed the deal to play comey in american crime story?
who did kyle chandler play in american crime story?
where is steven stamkos showing power from?
what have we all realized?
what does zoe saldana say to her?
who does jon levine feel solidarity with?
when does jon levine feel solidarity with ann coulter?
what kind of plea is bill o'brien giving?
who would like to work with us more?
what is the link in?
who does smollett love?
what kind of video is set to reunion?
what year is the class of?
how long has camilla diaz taken a break from making movies?
what can't camilla diaz really say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what is @usatopinion doing to make cops 2 b cops?
who is juggling it all with two hands?
what is oprah doing with two hands?
where did christian wood grow up?
how does christian wood feel to see nyce go?
what did snoop dogg do?
what is the theme of the fundraiser?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many times has jeff gorton been named general manager?
who did tyra banks tell?
who ells "we were rooting for you!"
who is donald trump accusing of being nasty to trump?
who has told the mayor of san jose that he must be nasty to trump?
who is drake congratulating?
what show did the duke and prince harry visit?
who did the duke and prince harry say hi to?
when will mammoth be open daily?
when will mammoth be open?
why did they open up a statewide hotline number?
why did vcuomo open up a statewide hotline number?
who are they welcoming to the red carpet?
how are the troops being welcomed to the red carpet?
who does marcus gomezz love?
when does marcus gomezz love this police man?
who congratulated scott walker?
what did donald trump congratulate him on?
who is taking to the skies?
what is the duchess going to do?
where is taylor swift putting her music?
what is katy perry doing?
who does josh say we don't like?
what is john krasinski thanking for?
what did john krasinski find after the picture was taken?
who is so mad at this dude?
where is josh eating the tiniest cookie?
what does josh groban want to do?
what does jimmie johnson have a chance to do?
what do the two legends belong to?
what is jason aldean happy about?
this year just gets better and better
how many ex-googlers was bodega founded by?
what is the name of the business?
who's win streak ends at 22?
how many wins did the indians win streak last?
what does joe budden hope kids don't make erous?
what does joe think of running up to ppl's homes?
where did pasco deputies respond to the fire?
how many people were on board the boat?