who has the most to lose?
what deflated as much as new england patriots footballs?
what does john d. sutter think about the endangere driver?
what is a sexy bastard?
who answered kemba's floater with a three?
what is the score of the game?
what was the score?
what did giggins answer with a three?
what is the name of the person?
what is the name of the event?
who is adam davis tweeting to?
what is being eaten at the pizza?
who is looking good in practice?
when is tsonga looking good in practice?
what mall was mukuria's favorite mall?
what mall did mukuria chege say was her favorite?
what type of inmate was the photo taken?
what did andrew cuomo see in the photo?
what is yblume excited about?
when did judy start researching the novel?
who does elizabeth warren think is picking a fight with?
who is @realdonaldtrump picking a fight with?
what does rand paul resolve to do?
what does rand paul want to do with his words?
what did a progressive populist candidate do?
what is emilia claudia celebrating?
who is going to celebrate the big game of thrones win?
who does meredith salenger love?
where is meredith salenger the luckiest happiest girl?
who is @jebbush giving 5 stars to?
why is jeb bush giving kimmel 5 stars?
who did lenny kravitz say passed away?
what instrument did lenny kravitz play?
what position did he ace?
how far did he ace the 15th?
who does tim howard want to go out as a champ?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who is john colapinto tweeting to?
who is john colapinto tweeting to?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like chris spags blog calling her fat?
what will the new york mets wear today?
who are the nypd hats being worn to honor?
what happened to giancarlo?
what does melania trump say about donald?
who says donald gets things done?
how far is belgium camp from the us base?
what did klinsmann not offer to use?
who's death makes jay sean sick?
how old was paul walker when he died?
when should we wait until he's of voting age?
who is dffpilms1 talking to?
what two shows were mentioned in the tweet?
when was breaking bad aired?
who does lebron james not have a meeting set with?
what channel does windhorst tweet from?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take amber and her friend?
what is russia trying to do?
who doesn't need to be lindsey graham?
what is the map showing?
who is affected by the facebook outage?
who is releasing super hero girls?
what is new about the dc super hero girls?
who does colu go out of his way to find on podcasts?
what does greg cosell enjoy listening to?
who did charles ramsey help rescue?
where did charles ramsay help rescue amanda berry?
what hashtag did alexa penavega use in her tweet?
how does alexa feel about david cassidy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
who is the ice cream store that is now a cafe?
who is jemmye carroll's twitter handle?
what happened to knight_mtv?
who managed all three strikes with just its announcement?
what does franklin harris think rypton manages all three strikes with?
who is paying homage?
who is paying homage?
where was the photo taken?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
what did leslie jones get two ways to watch?
where are the olympics?
what song is being re-imagined?
who is dnce partnering with?
what can trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did laura hernandez meet in one day?
who is waiting in a parking lot?
where are the office workers waiting?
what is the name of the 14th storm of the 2017 season?
how many storms were named in the 2017 season?
what did not a single man accept?
what color is the tuxedo?
what does keegan allen say he doesn't know?
what kind of stuff has been gone for 15 years?
how much of the views goes to charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who is the turkish president?
what does turkish president erdogan not get to export to america?
what is aprie grudier wearing at work?
when is aprie grudier freezing?
who spent half her life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of her life did she spend with a transgender sister?
who posted a video of him on ellentube?
where did ellen degeneres post the video of her kid?
who does liam say he likes the show?
what does liam love about families?
what is cher ready to do?
what show is swiss army man trolling?
where is swiss army man?
where is izureen going to die?
what is ureen asking if he is going to die?
who is attacking hillary clinton?
what did sanders attack hillary clinton on?
who did carly mallenbaum say made her famous?
what did the song do?
who didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone say ryan didn't save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what does john legere want to do with his rants?
why is cara delevingne sorry?
what would happen if she didn't vent to them?
who just acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
what did m&g propose to sarah?
who is a trump supporter?
who were the killed in paris attacks during a match with?
who booed a minute of silence?
where is the special night?
who got inducted into the uk athletics hall of fame?
who is @bassellalsad shooing away?
what did bassellalsad wear this summer?
what is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign?
where was melissa mccartney/sean spicer cruising down the street on?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
who will see the glory of the Lord?
what should you show staples?
what kind of prize pack is being offered?
who is the author of this tweet?
what can do that?
who is baron damm running for?
who will donald trump announce as his running mate?
what is arie trying to comfort someone while they tell?
who is trying to comfort someone?
what does reese witherspoon like to eat?
who did reese witherspoon snuggle with?
who are they mad at?
who is future's main priority?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
who did discovery take a nosedive in recent years?
what app has been deleted?
what did dani delete?
who won't sleep until she knows how the person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who is back in action?
what is once again fantastic?
who's statements were known to be false?
who filed the complaint?
who passed away?
what did mike nichols pass on to?
why is he leaving?
how did iggy azalea describe jordan feldstein?
what city is naturally segregated?
what race is in the middle of chicago?
who said "we are the change that we seek"?
what day is being celebrated?
where did the police try to arrest kim hjelmgaard?
why did macedonian military police try to arrest kim hjelmgaard?
what is james harrison talking about?
who said "anyone on my team sits for anthem, they better be in a wheelchair"?
who did simone biles kiss?
where did zac efron kiss simone?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did usatoday say about 9/11?
what can't tummy sticks wait for?
where are the thinkpieces from?
what is over now that the election is over?
how long has nick jonas been making this record?
what has nick jonas been making for a year and a half?
what country did donald trump say is happening?
what channel was the story broadcast on?
how much of a lead does steven bowditch have?
where is steven bowditch going?
what should GMs play with?
what does paul bissonnette want gms to feel?
what did evrett edwards plant?
where did evrett edwards plant the iowa flag?
what is the new service called?
what is the job of a president to do?
what does trump believe in?
who gave insight about working on harry potter play?
what did paul, noma and cherrelle work on?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
how is mike shinoda feeling?
who has a few ideas brewing for batgirl?
what is joss whedon brewing ideas for?
where was taylor crashing a photography session?
who crashed a photography session in nashville this weekend?
where can you bid for a chance to win?
who did the red wings not believe they would get?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
who makes zayn name one of the shoes?
who has a shoe collection?
what is paul f. tompkins looking at?
what does everyone know?
what did questlove spin?
who mentioned questlove's "boogieman"?
who is driving the students around?
what did matthew mcconaughey drive students around for?
who are the authors of this tweet?
what is blank space taken to?
what does nyasha think anyone who can keep a straight face while marilyn j. blige is singing at them
where did katyperry pull up to?
where did the prank take place?
who did bill hader prank at iroquois high school?
who is unsure if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
who is pending surgery on malkin's elbow?
what does michael keaton call hidden?
who called hidden fences?
who asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what did people ask why a korean group was playing?
what is tony cest doing?
who did the queen meet at whipsnade?
how are the people at the whipsnade feeling?
what country is the strike in?
where is the picketing?
who has a lockerroom set for player arrival?
where is the player arriving?
who was mandy moore proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about sterling brown?
what is coming to an end?
how does meghan markle feel about the end of the tig?
what did monika use?
what year was this tweet posted?
where is john boyega going to film his reaction?
what will john boyega film?
what tour is gwen excited for?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what is a member of the beyhive going to have in today's game?
what is a member of?
what is lebron james proud to have?
who has a tattoo on his head?
what country's amber waves of grain were mapped?
what was found to be the most popular?
who thinks delta is the worst airline in america?
what airline is the worst in america?
who plays billy's brother in difficult people?
what prop is fred armisen from?
who cancelled all appearances at the @mostatefair?
why is the governor canceling all appearances at the mostate fair?
who was drake dancing with?
what was drake dancing like in his music video?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia labeouf interested in?
when is he getting up shots?
where did they bring paul?
what show is this tweet referring to?
what did gal gadot wear on her wonder woman press tour?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
what is he watching?
who is releasing music together?
what are selena & abel releasing?
what looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what team is trevor story with?
what color is the ensemble?
who does beyonce's wax figure look like?
what causes travel headaches and impact plans?
where are the rain and storms expected to affect memorial day plans?
who took the photos from the gq cover shoot?
what magazine did kim kardashian shoot for?
who are the coyotes getting asked about?
who is getting attention in ari?
what is brian truitt tweeting about?
what kind of characters does black panther have?
what did ellen forget?
where has ellen degeneres not been allowed in?
who doesn't see color?
who is chris brown talking about?
who does his donation go to?
who did kevin durant score against?
who did earvin magic johnson hope was watching?
where did the eagles of death metal make a triumphant return to?
who gave a concert to the eagles of death metal?
who is octavia spencer going to miss?
what does octavia spencer think this country needs a trump presidency to see?
who is kevin hart challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many points are being challenged to?
who does rachel handler want to know if she has arms?
who loved/lived to act?
what could stop doris roberts?
who is on ice this morning?
when was jsyk told to trade?
who was justin bieber thanking for the award?
what did justin bieber say about the nrjawards 2015?
what did tim burchett say about the decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition unveiled?
what is in the 1st intermission?
where was the performance scheduled to take place?
who asked lindsay ell not to come?
what happened to merck's computer network?
who sang the national anthem?
what was jim harbaugh singing at the concert?
who did rob ellis show get to perform'smelly cat'?
what song did lisa kudrow perform?
when would she have said "i'm so excited to watch arie as the bachelor"?
what is arie playing in the movie?
what does trinity bramhall say about muggle no-maj?
how does kerry washington describe opening the conversation?
how does kerry washington feel about the cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye only sound like when he stands up?
who is kyrie irving thanking?
what does he hand his dad?
where is he taking this season?
who is banning this season?
who is the chief strategist?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
who did one of the most despicable things he've ever seen happen on tv?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who said there is no reason to be alarmed?
who threatened a professor?
what will the media decry?
what makes @igabs_chuks wish he was an american?
what does he wish he was?
who is late to the party?
why is she late to the party?
who is sipping from a red solo cup?
what color is tom hiddleston's cup?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who is wearing a dress?
when does the pope say you don't have to wear a dress?
who goes 5th?
who is ranked 6th?
who is taylor swift's relationship with?
how long has he known about taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is ryan adams talking about?
who is chris benennington a friend of?
what panel is bill murray attending?
who has a rock-star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who is kelly xu's role model?
what type of role model is kelly xu?
who does billboard think is her generation's gay icon?
what isn't an explicitly and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many bike gang violence kills?
who were the offensive fouls on?
how many offensive fouls did harden get?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did the jury deliberate longer than in the cosby case?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
who does capitol uk have an amazing history of?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is the teaser poster for?
what awards are women nominated for?
when did the ref plead case?
who pleads case to center?
how long was coldplay traded for?
what would you trade for five minutes of leftshark?
where is tom hiddleston going on a trip?
who is living his best life at an ed sheeran concert?
what kind of times did blakes shelton go through?
where did blakes shelton spend an entire day?
how long has eurovision been in existence?
who is less hung up about gay stuff than europe?
where did a bunch of us go?
who had a vision?
who's logo was fixed?
how much did milo receive a book deal?
what metal detector did katie elendecky get through?
who did it take to get through the detector?
who was a good man?
who did anton yelchin thank?
who has the goods?
what is black panther about?
what did allys like a star read?
what was good until i read the r-word?
who said "i actually see a lot of myself in you"?
what does he see in you?
what is ny strong and full of?
how does lin-manuel describe ny?
what did the president ask sessions?
who asked sessions for his resignation?
who did martha stewart illuminate one tree for?
what holiday is martha stewart celebrating?
who must be laughing more?
what are russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
who are the members of the royal family watching?
what is the haul for?
what is kukkatori's haul?
what does empire want to forget?
who does cookie's fur match best?
what is zac efron watching?
where does zac efron want to dominate?
what does bernie sanders welcome?
what class are mccadam, immelt and their friends in?
what movie is ryan coogler directing?
where is sam smith from?
what is sam smith mourning?
who did nbc olympics tweet about?
what did simone billes perform after the olympics?
what won't john green use in a book?
where is the word allyslikeastar not?
who is the poster urging people to wear red on a tuesday?
what color should you wear on tuesday to support a day without a woman?
who's movie is han solo a part of?
what is the name of the donald glover movie?
who just arrived in london?
why did they arrive in london?
how many goals did the team score in the 3rd period?
how many goals did the predators score in a 2:19 time span?
who is the cover star?
when does the issue hit?
who is speaking at harvard's jfkjrforum?
when will sen rand paul speak at harvard's jfkjrforum?
what show is olympics from?
who did hannah callender say made her want to punch herself in the face?
who is vancity reynolds thankful for?
what is rebecca michelson's timeline about?
what makes rebecca michelson giddy?
who had a dream?
what day did he have a dream for?
who does kdtrey5 and deandrejordan6 support?
who does nbc olympics support?
what is the world's top selling watch?
who is apple's top selling watch ahead of?
what gender is selena gomez?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who is recording "after everything I've done for you"?
who is @dlchamplin?
what must the internet remain?
what did andrew cuomo sign an executive order to protect?
who does toya wright's heart go out to?
who should hope there are no "tapes" of our conversations?
who does comey want to leak to?
what type of ticket did jordan support?
what does jordan think of jordan's support for the most anti-lgbt presidential ticket?
where is drake from?
what is drake's song called?
what does pope think when he thinks things can't get any better?
where is the star wars fan concert?
who are they talking about?
who is open to moving out of the 1st pick?
what are the texans open to?
what color is ceelo?
who did charlotte wilder call?
how much did the birthday card cost?
what program is mike eurizione supporting?
when did janet release together again?
what did janet release an anthem to a friend she lost to?
who is rob schneider lecturing?
what is rob schneider lecturing on?
what does bbc radio 1 think of justin bieber?
what can you watch?
who refers to their lies as "alternative facts"?
who was unnecessary?
what is this not?
what religion is the student?
who was harassing a muslim student?
what is jay walker wondering how to get his oo on the 7line web site?
how do they get their tattoo?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what is back to the future rebooting?
who wants nicki minaj to go home?
how many people are talking about this tweet?
who has his 9th catcher interference this season?
when did jacoby ellisbury record his 9th catcher interference this season?
what did cruelty never make someone?
what did madonna say to girl rosie?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
who is in the movie that delivers?
what is the new hero in town?
where did fans vote for bon jovi to be?
what did bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what will jonathan druin do?
who does lena dunham love?
what does lena may or may not wear?
how long was jason excited to be a part of the sharks organization?
who is jason demers a part of?
who are they partnering with?
what did drake university put down to assure a quality photo?
who is the important update from?
how long have we seen this view for?
who is eb confused about?
what is timberlake going to put out?
what is the member of the tenors singing?
what did the member of the tenors do?
who is using phrases like slob kabob and unleashing your khaleesi?
what show is elizabeth talking about?
who did reba transform into?
what does maeve mcdermott like to wear?
what does lady gaga not need?
what does lady gaga think of amphaetaminamybe?
what makes arie excited?
what is danko jones saying?
what are the jokes like?
what did @cnn do?
what does everyone make?
what is donald trump accusing comey of running?
who is billie jean king tweeting about?
what does billie jean king want @serenawilliams and @alexisohanian to do?
what sport does mike mazeo play?
what did plumlee say they won?
what holiday is ellen celebrating?
what kind of robots are undercover?
what did megan walker make the decision between utah, nd & uconn?
who made the decision between utah, nd & uconn?
who does this happen to?
where does this happen to black women everyday?
what show had a gay moment?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who does summer gory-martin wish understood the importance of this issue?
what is it that summer gory-martin calls it?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who had a glass of wine?
what did sergio garcia drink last night?
who has been snubbed?
what kind of blisters are covered with u by kotex bandages?
who has got you covered with u by kotex bandages?
who is sporting her natural hair as domino?
what is zazie sporting her natural hair as?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what does donald trump wonder about megyn kelly?
where is the beer safe and sound?
who is thanking connect2canada?
who needs to know?
what are the only colors you need to know?
what is arkit eating?
what is the name of the restaurant that made with arkit?
who did venom try not to make this about?
what did vanessa not want to make this about?
who is the herd of?
where are the star wars concert attendees?
who was cast in wrinkle in time?
who did mindy kaling thank for casting her in wrinkle in time?
who should return note7 power?
what will stephen colbert bring back?
who is the president of russia?
how many fans did anze kpitar arrive at his home rink to?
where did anze kpitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
what day is regina george trending right now?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the democrats smiling?
what do sources say hbo is done with?
what is hbo going to produce?
what do you get once in your life?
what is a free pass to laugh at?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
who does katie couric want to ask?
who does katie couric think has something to ask?
who is putting up shots?
where is gordon hayward putting up shots?
who is carrying an acoustic guitar?
what awards did timberlake win?
who had a heart attack?
what did klye think george r.r. martin had?
who was the heart and engine of the great ac/dc show?
who was malcolm young on the road with?
what was mike richards charged with?
where was mike riflings charged?
what should people not do about curry?
what should people do instead of criticizing curry?
where did lacey holsworth and her family go?
who made the trip to msg?
who is taking the stage tonight?
what is jonathan scott doing?
who did brian stokes think should be given an honourary decoration?
who did this concert do an amazing service to?
who drops the microphone and moves on down the road?
where does the president move?
what would celebs make to get retweets?
who does donna brazile love?
what is dr. maya angelou's sister?
what does pottermore want to do with albus potter?
who is pottermore introducing you to?
what is lady gaga's lifelong dream?
how does rachel lindsay feel about snakes?
how often does rachel lindsay cut her grass?
what is kim kardashian doing about the song?
how does nicki feel about writing raps for young nicki to spit on tv?
what will nicki minaj do?
what does she have about it?
what is she trying to come to terms with?
what is jay z's mini series?
what is the cast of friends?
what does reince priebus want you to donate now?
who is the author of this tweet?
where is idaho?
who is going to idaho?
who stepped out in a dress?
what does the duchess of cambridge think about the dress?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who is ronald wilson's baseball agent?
who won a ton?
who tweeted that john won a ton?
where were the protests?
what happened during the protests?
who is the author of this tweet?
what does justin bieber want you to watch?
what series is eugene mirman hoping to get cast on?
what revival news gave holly wilson new life?
what has gilmore girls revival news done for holly wilson?
why was rihanna put on earth?
where did rihanna slaughter the competition?
how fast does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses are being consumed?
where is he playing?
who is he playing with?
what is rick and morty talking about?
what makes him uncomfortable?
who's fan base is gay men?
who is the majority of ariana's fan base?
what happened outside with her brothers?
where did nicki go after getting beat up?
what can people be taught to do if they can learn to hate?
what must people learn to do?
what did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who will be miss golden globes 2016?
what will corinne foxx be?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
what city does jose manuel calderon want to stop this nonsense?
what does chrissy teigen call this?
who calls this the short skirt?
how many turnovers did they run?
who credits improved assist to to ratio to tom crean?
what has an emmy nomination?
who did laura janee meet?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a bimbo?
what will donald trump call megyn kelly?
why is he happy?
what does he not mean?
what should you listen to?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is being thanked?
what does the author think about violence on either side?
who is the angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do to the angry white man?
what does kelechi okafor want to tick when applying for a job?
when does kelechi okafor say "hite british"?
who added a little gay to their tale?
what is the tale as old as time?
what state is the senate election in?
who is the high turnout of in alabama's senate election?
who sent a video message to treacee ellis ross?
what did michelle obama celebrate?
how many minutes did the train not arrive?
where is the goal horn located?
what does the guy like to make a burger?
where is the cafe located?
what meal is being discussed?
what does sean mcelwee want to seize?
who has a salt-and-pepper haired, gap toothed baby?
what did mcdreamy have?
what we know about love is a lie?
who is giphy mourning?
what does lebron drive?
what did lebron do when he came home?
who is screwing with ashley?
who did abc make the next bachelor?
who is being incorporated into a wright's world skit?
when will kanye west be incorporated into a wright's world skit?
who will play comey in the movie?
what year was this tweet posted?
what did daniel's dad have a long hard battle with?
how many people liked this tweet?
who announced her retirement?
how long was chad lanier with the mpd?
what is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
what country is the least embarrassing thing to happen in 6 months?
what is the short film that kristen stewart introduces?
who introduces a short film?
what is tonight's lesson?
what state had a larger turnout than obama?
who did patrick ryan say women who want to be musicians should step up?
who does patrick ryan think it has to begin with?
who's candy shop is the mess from?
what does kim not play with?
what are they running to each other?
what does damneron think about the people?
who is using f-words in interviews?
what is skip bayless sad about?
what does tyrann do when she calls her?
why does tyrann mathieu say she misses her husband and children?
what sport is the best?
what is chris nels fighting for?
what did her daughter get a block from school?
what did patrick arcett just do?
why does fabletics want to eliminate waste?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it what it is?
who is on law & order svu?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who was dewey ocean stopped by?
what did the cops do when he got stopped?
who is @niallofficial going to miss?
what is niallofficial calling the obamas?
what did madonna say at the women's march?
who did patriots win over?
what day is ryan seacrest's number one cheerleader?
what does seacrest thank her for?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together?
who will coach bylsma use together on a line?
what should donald trump be given?
how many "tapes" of t people colluding are under a magnifying glass?
what university is being protested?
what did eastern michigan university students take to campus to protest?
what arena is being framed by pat Quinn way & gilberts way?
who will rogers arena be framed by?
who is under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who did kermit ask for a song to release on christmas?
what did kermit the frog ask for?
what did nott jmiller work?
what day of the week is it?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a 657 word iMessage?
who did obama joke to?
where did obama joke to?
what app is wil coclahas talking about?
what does tinder do instead of undermining your self confidence?
what does akira miele think there needs to be?
who needs a massive expansion of retraining and counseling?
what did lzhernandez and iamvalc dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes nationwide police reform possible?
what is being outlawed?
where was the bus going?
who was not able to tell us who was on the bus?
who is being sent to 9460 wilshire bld?
where should they stop sending them to?
who does hillary clinton think doesn't get it?
what does hillary clinton think about donald trump?
what did tj oshie describe lyla's day?
thanks to everyone for what?
who did lin-manuel play a game for?
what did quaara say when lin-manuel played a game?
what did they put the hospital in?
who put the hospital in hospitality?
who is mary interviewing?
who is interviewing hillary?
who says there is discrimination against whites?
why does more than half of white americans say there is discrimination against whites?
what do we become silent about?
who is ellen degeneres tweeting about?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who did justin trudeau want to rematch with?
how does mandy moore feel about louise?
what is mandy moore trying to do?
who did michael jordan tweet about yesterday?
who did lebron james and today put larger onus on the nba?
who showed up to the pinarhas3duck game last night?
how did kane show up?
what did cbj/dubinsky sign?
how long was the no-move clause?
who is aoife mairéad talking to?
where does aoife mairéad go for a lover?
if henry cavill's mustache keeps appearing and disappearing, what would #justiceleague enjoy more?
who's mustache keeps appearing and disappearing throughout the movie?
what does krysilove like now?
where does grease fries krisilove's hair?
who hosts the runners?
where does the duchess of cambridge host the runners?
who should you think about?
what kind of society are the kids growing up in?
who did michelle obama give a hug to?
how long is mark n hamm's iphone?
what did apple do to mark n hamm's phone?
who is kristian nairn sharing her cake with?
what game is kristian nairn watching?
who is mangold congratulating?
who does jabari love?
who is lifting his arm up?
what has gibbons been getting a hard time celebrating on?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who is sad that she took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what is a black eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give a career to?
what is kanye going to give paul mccartney?
what did sarah silverman ask for?
what did sarah silverman say was given to her?
when was ed sheeran made an mbe?
who made ed sheeran an mbe?
who beat west virginia by 10 points?
how many points did alabama lose by?
who is performing at the hollywood bowl?
who conducts the orchestra?
what was found on the side of emu's king hall this morning?
where was hate speech found?
what holiday did andrea maie tweet about?
who did andrea maie say didn't throw a party?
what was the best spoken word album of 1997?
what year was it taken a village?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in chile in 2015?
what ethnicity were the dead in chicago?
what did he try on from ivy park?
where did cara ann kelly try on everything?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at an afilife dinner?
who did aaron mintz tell kevin pritchard about?
who is jennifer carter's boss?
what team is tinging hard on lester and lackey?
who are the red sox getting hit hard from?
what does chrissy teigen miss for everyone?
who does she miss empathy for?
who's cabinet does snl belong to?
what is trump's cabinet full of?
who is conan o'brien tweeting about?
who did conan o'brien replace?
what will trump do to seek out and bring to justice those responsible?
who did andy cohen say it all comes down to?
who does andy cohen say it all comes down to?
who took a stick to the face from duncan keith?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face from?
who grew up in singapore?
where did shia labeouf grow up?
who has been enjoying the holiday season?
how does iggy azalea feel about the holiday season?
who reminds us of our strength?
what is amandla thankful for?
who flies through the air as her theme song plays?
what is spider mable trying to save?
who is losing it that malcolm is gone?
who beat buffalo in 7 ot's?
when did chelsea handler wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up in the middle of the night?
where did kanye's world hold kanye down?
who holds kanye down?
who did justin watch a conversation with?
who is arguing about henry cavill's mustache?
what is her favorite part of justice league?
what is westjet doing?
what was the aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl ever?
what is the name of the dancing guy?
how tall is the cat?
what did kim kardashian do for joel mchale and his family?
what is arine sharpshooter everitt aaron jameson's profession?
who is jean-eric vergne praying for?
who does jean-eric vergne pray for?
who gave a powerful performance at the vmas?
what is the name of the first stand alone store?
who was chatting with cara anne kelly?
what does priyanka thank you for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what is being done to zoe saldana?
who is being cast?
with what will we be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what did kerry washington say we will be able to hew out of?
tweet did not show
tweet did not show
what movie is being reenacted?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm?
how long was deray in the cell?
what do you give a man if you want to test his character?
what issue of wonderland is here?
who is the wonder-babe?
who shared island records and a love for music?
what did melissa etheridge share with doloriordan?
who did ditzkoff meet?
what does the nice chap do?
who is right?
what does susan rice want to do?
what does he live for?
who is selena ending?
where is the live look in from?
what is happening in the penns locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does everyone need?
where is the hostio de san jose?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
what does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
when is scott sabol growing his beard?
why is scott sabol growing his beard?
who are thoughts and prayers going out to?
who is donna ray praying for?
who does kathleen think is @bmarshh54?
how does kathleen describe @bmarshall's tweets?
who does erin kelly wish she looked like?
what emotion is being expressed?
who's casting is being referenced?
what type of wimmenz is kanye portraying?
what was the cause of the fire?
who did p.k. subban spend yesterday with?
what did p.k. subban's coach say about raci?
what is happening every morning?
what does he think this needs to happen?
who did halsey love so much?
what kind of ancestry is gae?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who shared the stage with ming xi?
how many characters did nick jonas use to define his point of view?
how many characters did nick jonas use to define his point of view?
what does she not do?
what happened to people's boyfriends?
who booed a minute of silence?
who are the fans chanting before?
what is coldplay's hit song?
what is luke bryan performing?
where is luke bryan going to see y'all?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what color are the people cheering the president's motorcade?
what are the black people cheering?
who does bradford craw35 want to be like when he grows up?
when does bcraw35 want people to be like stephen curry?
what should you send if you're up?
who is kim kardashian tweeting to?
what does leann rimes think it takes to pull off?
who is leann rimes giving up for?
what should you not take advantage of?
what is prince doing in baltimore?
what is prince doing at rally4peace?
where did the meeting take place?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to change?
what song did elton john play?
where did elton john play a very l.a. song?
what is jeff flake writing with martin heinrich?
who is jeff flake writing a bill with?
who is playing the latest trans serial killer?
who is playing a trans woman?
who is tearing up the community?
who should condemn these acts of violence?
who is about to lose it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who thought "wow, you look familiar"?
what did lee think?
who was there when texas needed him?
what did ellen help make possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the tiger woods plane land?
who is the woman holding?
what will old thor be known as?
who did donald trump say was dumb?
what did donald trump win?
what gets a 10?
how many points does a kiss get?
who returned to 8H with a special message?
who did tina fey send a special message to?
what color is the carpet?
what is on the carpet?
who does gabby sidibe rebuke?
who does gabby sidibe want for a president?
what has sold out?
what did kim kardashian say about the sold out light?
what kind of person was anton yelchin?
what happened to anton yelchin?
who does not recall who has been naughty or nice?
what does jeff sessions on the shelf not recall?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who should not be told his hall of presidents figure is unspeakably hideous?
what is rex hupke referring to?
what did simone biles do instead of taking a picture?
what year was this tweet posted?
who still has time to do the right thing?
when will eagle announce?
where did justin timberlake find his outfit?
what is justin timberlake wearing?
who did kanye west say didn't care about black people?
what did kanye west say bush didn't care about?
what did rob post that wasn't "leaked nudes"?
what did rob post?
what commercial does frank thorp think the cabinet needs not to look like?
who did rep sanford say the cabinet needs to look like?
who is the ultimate it girl?
what magazine is she shooting for?
what did someone leave?
where was the waterbottle left?
why did he go back to where?
who is trending over brangelina's divorce?
what team are they talking about?
who was on the night of the canucks?
who did jalen rose mention in her tweet?
who does steph have in his life?
who is allan walsha talking with?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many catches did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked tcu's punter?
what is the hashtag used in this tweet?
who is cattie in love with?
where does she slam her face into?
who saves the met gala?
what does rihanna save?
where was bill murray last night?
when did bill murray see bill murray?
who did brianna yellen thank?
what is brianna thanking vp biden and mariska for?
what can't lin-manuel's dad stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel's mom cry?
where did sam hinkie see joe embid?
what did sam hinkie get?
how many people asked if they saw pizza rat?
what are people doing to marissa?
who is poppy miller talking about?
how is pottermore feeling about sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
what kind of citizens can change the world?
what type of group can change the world?
how many mcdavid buffalo sabres hockey jerseys does eric stagel want to buy?
what team does eric stanger want to buy hockey jerseys from?
where was the abuse of power?
who did police messed with the wrong one?
who has closed the deal to play comey in american crime story?
who is kyle chandler going to play in an american crime story?
where is steven stamkos showing some good power from?
what have we all realized?
what does zoe saldana say is to her?
who does jon levine feel solidarity with?
when does jon levine feel solidarity with ann coulter?
what kind of plea is bill o'brien giving?
who would like to work with us more?
where can you find the link?
who does smollett love?
what kind of video is set to #reunion?
what year is the class of?
how many years has camilla diaz taken a break from making movies?
what can't ccamarin diaz say about herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what is @galiberal doing to make cops 2 b cops?
who is vogue fair correcting this error with?
what is oprah doing with two hands?
where was nyce growing up?
how does christian wood feel to see b2nyce die?
what did snoop dogg do to a witch?
what is the theme of the fundraiser?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many general managers has jeff gorton been named?
who did tyra banks tell?
who is the greatest agt final moment?
who is donald trump accusing of being nasty to trump?
who told the mayor of san jose that he must be nasty to trump?
who is drake congratulating?
what show is the duke and prince harry on?
who did the duke and prince harry say hi to?
when will mammoth be open daily?
how often will mammoth be open?
why did they open up a statewide hotline number?
why did vcuomo open up a statewide hotline number?
who are they welcoming to the red carpet?
how are they greeting their troops?
who does marcus gomezz love?
where does marcus gomezz love this policeman?
who congratulated scott walker?
what did donald trump congratulate him on?
who is taking to the skies?
what is the duchess going to do?
where is taylor swift putting her music back?
what is katy perry doing?
who does josh jackson say we don't like?
what is john krasinski working on?
what did john krasinski find after the picture was taken?
who is so mad at this dude?
where is josh eating the tiniest cookie?
what does josh groban want to do?
what does jimmie johnson have a chance to do?
what do the legends belong to?
why is jason aldean happy?
this year just gets better and better
who were the founders of bodegas?
what did kelly ellis want to name the business?
who's win streak ends at 22?
how many wins did the indians' win streak end at?
what does joe budden hope kids don't do?
how does joe budden feel about running up to ppl's homes?
where did pasco deputies respond to the fire?
how many people were on board the boat?