which state has the most to lose?
what deflated as much as new england patriots footballs?
what does john d. sutter think of the endangere driver?
what is a sexy bastard in this channel?
who answered kemba's floater with a three?
what is the score of the game?
what was the score of the game?
who's floater did wiggins answer?
what is 201
what was the name of the event?
who is adam davis tweeting to?
what does adam davis want to eat at pizza?
who is looking good in practice?
when is tsonga practicing?
what mall was mukuria's favorite mall?
what was westgate for mukuria chege?
what type of inmate was this photo taken of?
what is the photo looking at?
what is yblume excited about?
when did judy blume start researching the novel?
who is elizabeth warren tweeting about picking a fight with?
who is elizabeth warren trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve?
what does rand paul want to do with his words?
what two things is not in conflict?
what mmys is emilia clinton celebrating?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who does meredith salenger love?
where is alexander oswalt the luckiest girl?
who is jeb bush giving 5 stars to?
why is jeb bush giving 5 stars?
who did nny kravitz say passed away?
what instrument did lenny kravitz play?
what position is Miguel aces?
how far did miguel aces the 15th?
who does tim howard want to go out as a champ?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who is being cyberbullied?
who is @chrisspags being cyberbullied?
what will the new york mets wear?
who are the nypd hats honoring?
why did giancarlo suffer facial lacerations?
what does melania trump say about donald?
who said "donald gets things done"?
how far is belgium camp from canceled game at us base?
what did klinsmann not offer to use?
who's death made jay sean sick?
how old was paul walker when he died?
when are the fun and games waiting until?
who is dfpfilms1 talking to?
what two shows are mentioned in the tweet?
when was breaking bad broadcast?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with?
who is brian windhorst tweeting to?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take amber and her friend?
what is russia trying to do?
who does lindsey graham say you don't have to be to figure out what russia is up to?
what website is down?
who was affected by the facebook outage?
who is releasing super hero girls?
what is new about dc super hero girls?
who does he go out of his way to find on podcasts?
what sport does greg cosell enjoy talking about?
who did charles ramsey help rescue?
where did charles ramsey help rescue amanda berry?
what hashtag does alexa penavega use in her tweet?
how does alexa feel about david cassidy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
who helped the former ice cream store?
who is jemmye carroll's twitter handle?
what happened to knight_mtv jemmye carroll?
who managed all three strikes with just its announcement?
what does franklin harris think rypton manages all three strikes with just an announcement?
who is paying homage at the #madbluet?
who is paying homage at the event?
where was the photo taken?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
what did leslie jones get two ways to watch?
where are the olympics?
what is the re-imagined partnership with republic records?
who has a partnership with do you think you're sexy?
what can trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did laura hernandez meet in one day?
who waits in the parking lot?
where are the office workers?
what has td16 intensified into?
how many storms have been named in the 2017 season?
what did not a single man accept?
what color is the tux?
what does keegan allen say he doesn't know?
what did mute bae find out about aim 15 years ago?
how much goes to charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who is the turkish president?
what does turkish president erdogan not get to export to america?
what is aprie grudier wearing at work?
when is aprie grudier freezing?
who spent half her life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of her life did she spend with a transgender sister?
who osted a video of him on ellentube?
where did ellen post the video of her kid?
who does liam say he likes the show?
what does liam love when families do?
what is cher ready to do?
what show does rilaws think is trolling the audience?
where is swiss army man from?
where is izureen going to die?
what is izureen going to ask her?
who voted for the 94 crime bill?
what bill did hillary clinton support?
who made carly mallenbaum famous?
what did the song do?
who didn't save jazz?
what genre did emma stone say you didn't save?
where will he take his rants?
what will john legere do if he takes his rants to the airwaves?
why is cara delevingne upset?
how would situations end?
who just acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
how did sebastian propose to sarah goddard?
who is a trump supporter?
who were the killed in paris attacks match with?
what nationality of fans booed a minute of silence?
where is the special night?
who is getting inducted into the uk athletics hall of fame?
who is @bassellalsad shooing away?
what did bassellalsad wear this summer?
what is an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign?
what is melissa mccartney/sean spicer riding on?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
what will happen when the glory of the Lord is revealed?
what does staples want you to do to win a prize pack?
what kind of prize pack is being offered?
who is celebrating mlk day?
what can do that?
who is clock running for?
who will be donald trump's running mate?
what is arie trying to comfort someone while they tell?
who is trying to comfort someone?
what did reese witherspoon snuggle with oprah?
who will reese witherspoon never apologize for snuggling?
who are they mad at?
future has flat out said what ain't his main priority?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
who said discovery has taken a nosedive in recent years?
what app was deleted?
what did dani delete?
who won't sleep until she knows how this person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who is it amazing to see back in action?
what is fantastic in star wars: the last jedi?
who's statements were known to be false?
who filed a court complaint?
who did josh gad say passed away?
what did josh gad say he loved as a titan?
why is he leaving?
how did iggy azalea describe jordan feldstein?
what city is naturally segregated?
what race is in the middle?
who said "we are the change that we seek"?
what day is being celebrated?
what country did military police try to arrest kim for taking this photo?
why did macedonian military police try to arrest khjelmgaard?
what does james harrison say that anyone on his team should be doing?
who sings "anyone on my team sits for anthem, they better be in a wheelchair"?
who did simone bles kiss?
where did zac efron kiss simone?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
how did usatoday react to 9/11?
what can't they wait for?
what are the thinkpieces from?
what is equal in the election?
how long has nick jonas been making this record?
what has nick jonas been making for a year and a half?
what country did donald trump say was happening?
what channel was the story broadcast on?
what is steven bowditch's lead?
where will steven bowditch head with a four-shot lead?
what should GMs play with?
what does paul bissonnette want gm's to feel?
what did evrett edwards plant?
where did evrett edwards plant the iowa flag?
what service does star wars brat want to start?
what is the job of a president?
what does trump believe in?
who gave insights about working on harry potter play?
what did paul, noma and cherrelle work on?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
how is mike shinoda feeling?
who has ideas brewing for batgirl?
what is joss whedon brewing ideas for?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who crashed a photography session in nashville?
where can you bid for a chance to win one of these sweaters?
who did the red wings not want?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
who made zayn name one of his shoes 'zigi'?
who has a shoe collection?
what is paul f. tompkins looking at?
what will be thru the roof?
what did questlove spin?
who mentioned it?
who is in the video?
where did matthew mcconaughey drive students?
who did dunder and taylor swift meet in 2017?
what is blank space taken to?
what does anyone who can keep a straight face while mary j. blige is singing at them deserve to be?
where did katyperry pull up to?
where did bill hader do a prank?
who did bill hader prank at iroquois high school?
who is unsure if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
who is waiting for surgery on malkin's elbow?
what does michael keaton call hidden?
who called hidden figures?
who asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what did people ask why a korean group was playing?
what is tony cest doing about nomaj?
who did the queen meet at whipsnade?
why would you expect a few people to be nervous?
who is on strike in downtown boston?
where is the picketing located?
who has a lockerroom set for player arrival?
where is the player arriving?
who was mandy moore proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about terling krown?
what is coming to an end?
how does meghan markle feel about the end of the tig?
what was monika in line to use?
what year did monika bittner attend sochi?
where is the traffic set up?
what will he film?
what tour is gwen excited for?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what is a member of the beyhive going to have in today's game?
what is jeopardy a member of?
what is lebron james proud to have?
who has a tattoo?
where did they map amber waves of grain?
what was found in the amber waves of grain?
who thinks delta is the worst airline in america?
what is the worst airline in america?
who plays nick kroll's brother?
where did fred armisen play billy's brother?
who is cancelling all appearances at the state fair?
why are all appearances cancelled?
who was drake dancing like?
what is the name of drake's music video?
who is interested in surveillance images?
what is shia labeouf interested in?
when is he getting up shots?
where did snl bring paul?
what show did paul say he brought him in the shower?
what did gal gadot shun heels in favor of?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
what is tarik el-bashir watching?
who is releasing music together?
what did selena & abel release?
what looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what band is trevor story in?
what color is the ensemble?
who does beyonce's wax figure look like?
what are the travel headaches and impact plans?
what parts of the united states may be affected by rain and storms?
who did the photos come from?
what magazine did kim kardashian shoot photos for?
who are the coyotes getting asked about?
what is getting lots of attention in ari?
what is brian truitt tweeting about?
what kind of characters does black panther have?
what did ellen forget?
where did ellen degeneres forget her id?
who doesn't see color?
what is chris brown sceptical about?
who does chris brown want his donation to go to?
who did kevin durant score against tonight?
who did earvin magic johnson hope was watching?
where did the eagles of death metal make their return to?
which concert was the eagles of death metal at?
who is octavia spencer going to miss?
what does octavia spencer think this country needs a trump presidency to see?
who is kevin hart challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many points will green get in the contest?
what is rachel handler asking for help with?
who loved/lived to act?
what could not stop doris roberts?
who is on ice 1030 this am?
when was jsyk told to trade?
who did justin bieber thank in 2015?
what did justin bieber say about the nrjawards 2015?
what does tim burchett think about the decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition unveiled?
what is the name of the new addition?
where was the performance scheduled to take place?
who asked lindsay ell not to come?
what happened to merck's computer network?
who sang the national anthem at the @lildickytweets concert?
what was jim harbaugh singing at the concert?
who did taylor swift get to perform'smelly cat'?
what song did lisa kudrow perform?
when would the bachelor lady have said "i'm so excited to watch arie as the bachelor"?
what is arie playing?
what does trinity bramhall say about calling muggle no-maj?
what statement does kerry washington say is important?
how does kerry washington describe KW's cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye do when he stands up?
who is kyrie irving handing his jersey to?
what did kyrie irving hand his dad?
who is he taking this season to?
who is bashing this season?
who is the chief strategist?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" used to raise funds for the statue of liberty's pedestal?
who did one of the most despicable things he's ever seen happen on tv?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who said there is no reason to be alarmed?
who threatened a professor?
what will media decry?
what makes @igabs_chuks wish he was an american?
speech like this make @igabs_chuks wish he was what?
who is late to the party?
why is she late to the party?
who is sipping from a red solo cup?
what color solo cup is tom hiddleston sipping from?
where is the studio located?
what kind of avenue is the studio located at?
who does michael roston say you don't have to wear that dress tonight?
when does the pope say you don't have to wear that dress?
who goes 5th?
who isn't picking close to sixth?
who is taylor swift's relationship with?
how long did nick know about taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is ryan adams thinking about?
who did ryan adams meet with?
what panel did bill murray have a rock-star arrival at?
who has a rock-star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who is kelly xu playing with?
what type of role model is kelly xu?
who does billboard think is her generation's gay icon?
what isn't an explicitly and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many people die in bike gang violence?
two straight offensive fouls on what on inbound plays?
how many offensive fouls did harden get?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case than the murder of philando castile?
what did the jury deliberate longer than in the philando case?
who is happy to have signed to capitello uk?
what does capitol uk have an amazing history of?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is happy to show you the teaser poster?
what awards are there no women nominated for?
when was the exchange?
who pleads case to center?
how long was coldplay traded for?
what would you have traded for?
where is ed sheeran concert?
who is living his best life at ed sheeran concert?
what did he talk him through?
where was blake shelton's place?
how many years of eurovision did glen weldon have?
who is less hung up about gay stuff than europe?
where did a bunch of us go?
who had a vision?
who's logo was fixed?
how much money did milo receive?
what metal did katie eledecky get through the detector?
who did it take to get through the detector?
who did lil chano never meet?
what did lil chano thank anton yelchin for?
what movie has the goods?
what is confronting its role in the world?
what did ally read that paper towns was good?
who was good until i read the r-word?
who said "i actually see myself in you"?
what does he see in you?
what is ny strong and full of?
how does lin-manuel marriage describe ny?
what did the president effectively ask sessions?
who asked sebastian sanders for his resignation?
who was the tree illuminated for?
what holiday did martha stewart wish?
who is laughing at the negative press?
what are the russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
who are the members of the royal family watching?
what company did marimekko go for?
what kind of dress is in the picture?
what does cookie's fur replace?
who does cookie's fur match?
what is zac watching?
where does zac efron want to dominate?
what does bernie sanders welcome?
who do mcadam, immelt and their friends belong to?
what movie is ryan coogler directing?
where is sam smith's heart?
what is sam smith's heart with the victims and their loved ones?
who wore a signature smile after her best bar routine yet?
what did simone billes perform at the 2016 olympics?
what won't john green use in a book?
where is the word allyslikeastar not?
who is the tweet from?
what color should you wear on a wednesday?
who's lover movie is han solo?
what is the guy playing?
who just arrived in london?
why did they arrive in london?
how many goals has the team scored in the postseason?
what time span did the predators score the 3 goals?
who is the cover star?
when does the issue hit?
who is speaking at harvard's jfkjrforum?
when will sen rand paul speak at harvard's jfkjrforum?
what movie is olympics from?
who makes @hannahcallender want to punch herself in the face?
who is vancity reynolds thankful for?
what is making rebecca michelson giddy?
what is king her giddy?
who had a dream?
what day did tyra banks want to celebrate?
who does kdtrey5 and deandrejordan6 support?
who does nbc olympics support?
what is the world's top selling watch?
who is the world's top selling watch?
what gender is selena gomez?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who is recording after everything i've done for you?
who is @dlchamplin?
what must the internet remain?
what does andrew cuomo want to protect?
where does toya's heart go out to?
who is leaking to the press?
who will james comey leak to?
what kind of ticket did jordan support?
what does jordan think of jordan's support for the anti-lgbtq+ presidential ticket?
where is drake from?
what is drake's song called?
what is pope saying when he thinks things can't get any better?
what is the name of the fan concert?
who is carly talking about at the concert?
who is open to moving out of the 1st pick?
what are the texans open to?
what color is ceelo?
who did charlotte wilder ask if they called her?
how much did the birthday card cost?
who does mike erazione wish good luck to?
when did janet release together again?
what disease did janet lose her friend to?
who is rob schneider lecturing?
what is rob schneider lecturing on?
what surprised bbc radio 1?
what can you watch?
who refers to their lies as alternative facts?
who was unnecessary?
what is not ed sheeran?
what religion is the student?
who was harassing a muslim student?
what is jay walker looking for?
what is the best way to get a tattoo?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what is back to the future with?
who wants the island girl to go home?
how many people are talking about this?
who's 9th catcher interference this season?
when did jacoby ellisbury record his 9th catcher interference this season?
what did cruelty never make someone?
what did madonna say to girl rosie?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what is there a new in town?
where is the new hero?
where did fans vote for bon jovi?
what does bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what did cooper say drouin will do?
who does lena dunham love?
what may she not wear?
how many years was jason excited to be a part of the sharks organization?
who is jason excited to be a part of?
who are they partnering with?
what did drake university put down to ensure a quality photo?
who's show is the important update from?
how long has it been seen for?
who is eb confused about?
what does eb think timberlake is going to release?
what is the member of the tenors singing?
what did the member of the tenors do?
who is using phrases like slob kabob and unleashing your khaleesi?
what is elizabeth talking about?
who did reba transform?
what is reba wearing?
what does lady gaga not need?
what does lady gaga think of amphaetaminaybe?
what makes arie excited?
what did danko jones say?
what are the "stay in your seat, kanye" jokes like?
what kind of ology was accepted?
what does everyone make?
what agency is donald j. trump tweeting about?
who did billie jean king say ited for?
what does billie jean king want serena williams to do?
what sport does mike mazeo play?
what did plumlee call the game?
what holiday is ellen degeneres celebrating?
who are they undercover of?
what decision is made between utah, ntd & uconn?
who is the espnw #1 in 2017?
what race are the women at work?
where does this happen to black women everyday?
what show did lefou have a "gay moment" in?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who does summer wish understood the importance of this issue?
what is summer gonzalez-martin calling it?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who had a glass of wine?
what did sergio garcia drink last night?
who did waves say has been snubbed?
what is covered with u by kotex bandages?
what is a free sample at u by kotex?
who is sporting her natural hair as domino?
what is zazie sporting her natural hair as?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what does donald trump wonder about megyn kelly?
where is amb doer's office?
who does connect2canada thank?
what do they need to know?
what are the only colors you need to know?
what has been a great run?
who is making with arkit?
who did vanessa try not to make this about?
what did vanessa not want to make?
what is the giant herd of?
where is the herd of star wars concert attendees?
who was cast in wrinkle in time?
who did mindy kaling thank for casting her in wrinkle in time?
who should return note7 power?
what will he bring back?
who is in russia?
how many fans did anze kopitar arrive at his home rink to?
where did anze kopitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
what day is it that regina george is trending?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the democrats smiling?
what is hbo doing with nhl?
what is hbo being done with the nhl?
what do you get once in your life to laugh at someone's horrible misfortune?
what do you get a free pass to laugh at?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
who does katie couric want to ask?
who does katie couric think has something to ask?
who is putting up shots in l.a?
where is gordon hayward putting up shots?
who has an acoustic guitar?
what awards are being presented?
who had a heart attack?
what did klye think george r.r. martin had?
who was the heart and engine of the great ac/dc show?
who did bernie marsden spend time with?
what was mike richards charged for?
where was mike richards entering?
what should people not do about curry?
what should people do instead of shut up?
where did lacey holsworth and her family go to watch adreian payne and the spartans?
who made the trip to msgd?
who is taking the stage tonight?
what does jonathan scott want you to do?
who should be given an honourary decoration?
this concert has done an amazing service to what country?
who drops the microphone and moves on down the road?
where does the president move?
what would you make of our dead bodies?
who will always love?
what is dr maya angelou a caged?
why does pottermore want to play with albus potter?
who is pottermore introducing you to?
what is lady gaga's lifelong dream?
how does rachel lindsay feel about herself?
how often does rachel lindsay cut her grass?
what is kim doing to keep the song secret?
how is nicki minaj feeling about writing raps for young nicki to spit on tv?
what will nicki minaj do?
what does shannah purser have about it?
what is she trying to come to terms with?
what is the name of the mini series?
what is the cast of friends?
what is being donated for a free pair of?
who are the limited edition ocks for?
which states did idaho president obama not visit?
who will mark knoller be visiting idaho?
who stepped out in this dress?
how does styleuphoria feel about the dress?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who is russell wilson's baseball agent?
who won a tony?
who wrote this tweet?
where were the protests?
what happened during the protests?
who is the official tweeter of the vmas?
what should you watch?
what series is eugene mirman hoping to be cast on?
what revival news did holly wilson receive?
what has gilmore girls revival news done for holly wilson?
what was rihanna put on this earth to do?
where did rihanna slaughter the competition?
how fast does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses are being drank?
where is billy horschel playing?
who is he playing with?
what is rick and morty talking about?
what is rick and morty talking about?
who's fan base is gay?
what is the majority of ariana's fan base?
what happened to nicki outside?
where did nicki go after getting beat up?
what can people be taught to do if they learn to hate?
what must people learn to do?
what did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into steven colbert's hiding?
who will be miss golden globes 2016?
what will corinne foxx be?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
what city does jose manuel calderon want to pray for?
what does chrissy teigen call this?
who calls this the "short skirt"?
how many runs did they run for every turnover?
who credits improved assist to to ratio to tom crean?
what has an emmy nomination?
who did laura janee look thank?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a lightweight reporter?
what will he call megyn kelly?
why is he happy?
what does he not mean?
what should we listen to?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is being thanked?
what does the author think about violence?
what is the angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do?
what is kelechi going to do when applying for a job?
when does kelechi okafor want to be british?
who added a little gay to their tale?
what is the tale as old as time?
where is the senate election taking place?
who had a high turnout in the alabama senate election?
who sent a video message to tracee ellis ross?
what is michelle obama celebrating?
how many minutes did the train not arrive?
where is the goal horn located?
what does the guy like to do?
what state is the cafe located in?
what should we do when we seize the means of production?
what does sean mcelwee want to seize?
who is peter like?
what did mcdreamy have?
what we know about love is a lie?
who is giphy mourning?
what does lebron drive?
what is lebron doing when he comes home?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is being made the next bachelor?
who is being incorporated into a wayne's world skit?
what year did ashley zlatopolsky think kanye west would be incorporated into a wright's world
who will play comey in the movie?
what year was this tweet posted?
what disease did caliendo's dad battle?
how many people are talking about this tweet?
who retired from the dc police department?
how long has Cathy lanier been with the dc police department?
what is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
what country is this march in?
what is the short film that kristen stewart introduces?
who introduced a short film?
what is tonight's lesson?
what state had a larger turnout today than obama's?
who wrote a response to why more women didn't win tonight?
who does patrick ryan think it has to begin with?
who's candy shop is it?
what does kim not play with?
what are they doing?
what does he think about the people running to each other?
who is raveling psychologically/emotionally?
why is skip bayless sad?
what does tyrann mathieu do when she calls her?
why does tyrann mathieu miss her husband and children?
what sport is the best?
what is chris nels fighting for?
what does her daughter get a block from school?
what news did patrick arcett get?
why does fabletics want to take a quiz?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on law & order svu?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who was dewey ocean stopped by?
what did dewey ocean tell the cops when he got stopped?
what is niall going to miss?
how does niallofficial describe the obamas?
what does madonna think about the outcome of the women's march?
who did the patriots win over?
what day is ryan seacrest thankful for?
what does seacrest thank her for?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together?
who will coach bylsma use together?
what should donald trump be given?
how many "tapes" of collusion are there?
what university are the students protesting at?
what are eastern michigan university students protesting?
what arena is being framed?
who will rogers arena be framed by?
what demographic is under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who did kermit ask for a song to release on christmas?
what did kermit the frog ask @electricmayhem for?
what does nott j miller need to work?
when will nott j miller join him on @aetv?
how many words did drake write?
who did rihanna respond with?
who did obama joke to?
where did obama joke to pm trudeau?
what app is wil coclahas tweeting about?
what does tinder allow you to do?
what does akira miele think there needs to be?
who needs retraining and counseling?
what did lzhernandez and iamvalc dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes nationwide police reform possible?
what is being outlawed?
where was the bus going?
who is not able to tell us who was on the bus?
who should stop sending them to 9460 wilshire blvd?
where should the tweeters stop sending them to?
who does hillary clinton think should not get it?
what kind of reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive is this?
how does tj oshie describe lyla?
why does lauren cosgrove thank everyone?
why did lin-manuel play this?
what did quiara say when lin-manuel played the game?
what did they put the hospital in?
who put the hospital in hospitality?
who is mary interviewing?
who is interviewing hillary?
who says there is discrimination against whites?
why do more than half of white americans say there is discrimination against whites?
how do we end our lives?
who is ellen degeneres tweeting to?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who is justin trudeau suggesting a rematch with?
how does mandy moore feel about louise?
what is mandy moore trying to do?
who was yesterday and michael jordan today?
who did lebron james and jeff zillgitt meet today?
what is the nickname of the guy?
how did the kane guy perform at the game?
what did dubinsky sign?
how long was dubinsky's deal?
who is aoife mairéad talking to?
where does aoife mairéad go?
what would make mjk like #justiceleague more?
what character's mustache keeps appearing and disappearing?
what does krysilove like on her scalp?
where is the grease that fries her?
who hosts the #teamheadstogether runners?
where is the duchess hosting the runners?
who should we think about?
what kind of society are kids growing up in?
who did michelle obama give a hug to?
how old is mark n hamm's iphone?
what did apple do to the phone's battery?
who is kristen sharing her cake with?
what is kristen nairn sharing her cake with?
who is mangold's friend?
who does jabari love?
who did gibbons say threw his arm up?
what did martin not celebrate?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who is sad that she took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what is a black eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give a career with?
what is kanye going to give paul mccartney?
what does sarah silverman want someone to give her?
what did sarah silverman say someone did to her?
when was ed sheeran made an mbe?
who made ed sheeran an mbe?
who beat west virginia by 10?
how many points did alabama lose by?
who is narrating his goodbye letter to basketball?
who conducts the orchestra?
what was found on the side of emu's king hall?
where was hate speech found?
what holiday did andrea maie say didn't happen if taylor swift didn't throw a party?
who didn't throw a party?
what was the best spoken word album of 1997?
what year did becca morgan win?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
what race were the dead in chicago in january?
what did you grab from ivy park?
where did cara anne kelly try on everything?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at her dinner?
who's plans did aaron mintz tell kevin pritchard about?
who sent jimmy carter a message?
who hit hard on lester and lackey?
who are the red sox getting hit hard from?
what does chrissy teigen miss?
who does chrissy teigen miss empathy for?
who's cabinet does snl belong to?
what is trump's cabinet full of?
who is conan o'brien tweeting about?
who did conan o'brien replace?
what must we do?
who does andy cohen say it all comes down to?
who does andy cohen say it all comes down to?
who took a stick to the face from duncan keith?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face from?
who wants to know what it's like growing up in singapore?
where did shia labeouf grow up?
who is enjoying the holiday season?
how does iggy azalea feel about the holiday season?
who reminds us of our strength?
what is amandla thanking beyonce for?
who is flying through the air?
who is spider mable trying to save?
who is losing it that malcolm is gone?
who beat buffalo in 7 ot's?
when did chelsea handler wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up in the middle of the night?
where is kanye holding down?
who holds kanye down?
who is he watching have an actual conversation with?
who is sarah imagining looking at each other?
what is the favorite part of justice league?
what is west jet doing?
what was the aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl ever?
what is the name of the dancing guy?
how big is the screen?
what did kim do for joel mchale and his family?
what happened to arine sharpshooter everitt aaron jameson?
who does jean-eric vergne pray for?
who is jean-eric vergne praying for?
who performed at the vmas?
where is sarah jessica parker and george malkemus?
who is kelly chatting with?
what does priyanka thank you for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what is zoe saldana doing?
who is being cast?
with what will we be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will kerry washington be able to hew out of?
tweet did not show
tweet did not show
what movie is being reenacted?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm?
how long was deray in the cell?
what do you give a man if you want to test his character?
what issue is here?
who is the wonder-babe in the summer issue?
who shared island records and a love for music?
what did melissa etheridge and doloriordan share?
who did ditzkoff meet?
what does the nice chap do?
who is right?
what does rice want to do?
what does he live for?
what is the name of the drama?
where is the live look in from?
what is happening in the locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
harry is the biggest who out there?
who is the biggest larry song?
what does everyone need?
where is the hostio de san jose?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
who does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
when is scott sabol growing his beard?
why is scott sabol growing his beard?
who do thoughts and prayers go out to?
who is donna ray praying for?
who sees people in his mentions who think he's @bmarsh54?
how does kathleen hanley describe marshall's tweets?
who does erin kelly wish she looked like?
what emotion does erin kelly have?
who is casting a dark skint multiracial wimmen?
how does tree bark describe a multiracial wimmen?
what is the cause of the fire?
who did p.k. subban spend yesterday with?
what did the coach say about p.k. subban's racially?
what is happening every morning?
what does big may42 think this needs to happen?
who did halsey love so much?
what kind of ancestry is gaga?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who shared the stage with ming xi?
how many characters did nick jonas use to define his point of view?
how many characters does nick jonas have?
what is one thing girls don't do?
what happened to people's boyfriends?
who booed the minute of silence?
who are the two countries that are friendly?
what song is coldplay playing?
what is luke bryan performing?
where will luke bryan perform the national anthem?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what race are the people cheering?
what are the black people cheering?
who does bradford crawford want to be like when he grows up?
when does bcraw35 want to be like stephen curry?
what should you send if you're still up and reading this?
who is kim kardashian tweeting to?
what does it take stamina and hard work to pull off?
who is leann giving up for?
what should you not take advantage of?
what is rally4?
what is prince doing at rally4peace?
where was the meeting?
where did he not have time to change?
what did elton john play at the sunset strip concert?
where did elton john play a very l.a. song?
what is jeff flake working on with martin heinrich?
who is being asked to write a bill with?
who is playing the latest trans serial killer?
who is playing a trans woman?
who is tearing up the community?
what community should condemn these acts of violence?
who is about to lose it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who does justin think looks familiar?
what did lee think?
who was there when texas needed him?
what did @jjwatt help make possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the plane land?
who is the woman holding?
what will old thor be known as?
what did donald trump say was dumb?
what did donald trump win?
what gets a 10?
how many points does the kiss get?
who returned to snl with a message for feicity jones?
who did tina fey send a special message to?
what color is the carpet?
what is on the purple carpet?
who does gabby sidibe rebuke?
what can you have for a president?
what has sold out?
how does kim feel about the light selling out?
what did olivia wilde think of anton yelchin?
what happened to anton yelchin?
who does not remember who's been naughty or nice?
what does jeff sessions on the shelf not remember?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who would get mad about it?
what is rex hupke referring to?
what did he do instead of taking a picture?
what year did simone biles have to do a retake?
who has time to do the right thing?
how many people are talking about angela eagle?
where did justin timberlake find his outfit?
what is justin timberlake wearing?
who did kanye west say didn't care about black people?
why would kanye west vote for trump?
what did rob post?
what kind of porn did rob post?
what commercial does the cabinet not need to look like?
who is the governor?
who defines what it means to be cool?
what magazine is she shooting for?
what did someone leave in the press photo?
where was the press photo taken?
why did he go back to?
who is trending over bracelina's divorce?
what team are they talking about?
who is playing for the canucks?
who did jalen rose mention in her tweet?
who does steph have in his life?
who did allan walsha talk to about nhl games?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many catches did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the punter?
what is @kevinhart4real's challenge?
who is in love?
where does she slam her face into?
who saves the met gala?
what does rihanna save?
where did bill murray see bill murray?
when did bill murray see bill murray?
who did brianna yellen thank?
what did vp biden and mariska thank?
what can't lin-manuel's dad stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel's mom cry?
where did sam hinkie see joel embid?
who did sam hinkie get to see in nola?
how many people texted marissa asking if she saw pizza rat?
what are people doing to marissa?
who is poppy miller talking about?
how is pottermore feeling about sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
what kind of citizens can change the world?
how large of a group can change the world?
how many mcdavid buffalo sabres hockey jerseys are there?
what team does eric stanger want to buy 10,000 hockey jerseys for?
where was the abuse of power?
what police force messed with the wrong one?
who has closed the deal to play comey in a crime story?
who does kyle chandler want to play?
where is steven stamkos showing power from?
what did kylie jenner say that we've all realized?
what does zoe saldana say freedom is to her?
who does jon levine feel solidarity with?
when does jon levine feel solidarity with ann coulter?
how does bill o'brien describe his plea?
who does bill o'brien believe would like to work with us more?
where can you link in?
who does smollett love?
how is the video described?
what class did bon jovi want to see do great things?
how many years has cameron diaz been away from making movies?
what can't camilla diaz say to herself?
how many cops are there?
what is being done to make them 2 b cops?
who is being corrected?
what is oprah doing with two hands?
where did christian wood grow up?
how did christian wood feel when he saw b2nyce die?
what did snoop dogg do for a witch?
what is the theme of the fundraiser?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many general managers has jeff gorton been named?
who did tyra banks tell?
who is the greatest #agtfinale moment?
who is donald trump tweeting about?
who has told the mayor of san jose that he must be nasty to trump?
who is drake congratulating?
what show is being referenced?
who did prince harry say hi to?
when will mammoth be open daily?
how often will mammoth be open?
why did they open a statewide hotline number?
why did cuomo open a hotline number?
who are they welcoming to the red carpet?
how are the troops being welcomed to the red carpet?
who does marcus love?
where does marcus gomezz love this policeman?
who congratulated scott walker?
what did donald trump congratulate him on?
who is taking to the skies?
what is the duchess taking to the skies for?
where is taylor swift putting her music back?
what is katy perry doing?
who does josh jackson say we don't like?
what topic is john krasinski talking about?
what did john krasinski find after the picture was taken?
who is mad at this dude?
where is josh eating the tiniest cookie?
what does josh groban want to do?
what does jimmie johnson have a chance to do?
what do the two legends belong to?
why is jason aldean happy?
how does jason aldean feel about this year?
how many ex-googlers was bodega founded by?
what is the name of the business?
who's win streak ends at 22?
how long did the indians win streak end?
what does joe budden hope kids don't do?
why does joe budden think running up to ppl's homes is dangerous?
where did pasco deputies respond to the fire?
how many people were on the boat?