who has the most to lose?
what was deflated as much as new england footballs?
what would the #endangeredriver be a sexy bastard in this channel?
what would be a sexy bastard in this channel?
who answered kemba's floater?
what is the game tied at?
how many games did kemba's game tie?
who is the floater?
what is the name of the shooting star?
what is the name of the surprise?
who is adam dhit talking about?
what does adam dhit say he does about the pizza?
who is looking good in practice?
what is tsonga looking good in practice ahead of?
where did mukuria chege dove past?
what is mukuria chege's favorite mall?
where was the hole cut in the wall?
what was the hole cut in?
what event is this novel about?
when did judy blume start researching this novel?
who is trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame @sengillibrand?
who is trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve?
what does rand paul want to do?
what is bc a progressive populist candidate focused on?
who is emilia clooney going to celebrate?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is the luckiest girl in the universe?
what is meredith salenger the luckiest girl in the universe?
who is jeb bush giving you 5 stars?
what is jeb giving jeb bush 5 stars?
who could never say what you said in one?
what kind of guitar does lenny kravitz use?
how many yards did  Miguel aces from?
how many yards did  Miguel aces?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like her blog calling her fat?
what will we wear today?
who did the nypd honor?
what happened to giancarlo?
who gets things done?
who says donald gets things done?
how many miles is belgium camp?
what did klinsmann not offer to use?
who did jay sean read about?
who is sick when it's caused by an accident?
what does mayor mark wait until we are old enough to do?
who is the mayor of daniel?
what was the show of the 21st century?
what year was the greatest television show of the 21st century?
who did lebron james not have a meeting with?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with the cavs?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take us to?
what is russia trying to undermine?
who does lindsey graham think russia is up to?
what is the extent of?
who is affected by the facebook outage?
who is being announced?
what is being announced?
who is greg cosell talking to?
what does greg cosell enjoy listening to?
who did charles ronald help rescue?
where did charles nasr help rescue adala berry?
who is alexavega proud to work with?
what is the name of the tv daddy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
what is a local aid that looks like this will be out of business for a while?
who is jemmye hansen referring to?
what happened to jemmye?
who manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
what did franklin h3000 say krypton manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
who is paying homage at the #?
who is paying homage at the #?
where did ben bradlee take this photo?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
where did leslie jones watch the olympics?
where did leslie jones watch the olympics?
what is the re-imagined "do ya think i'm sexy?"
who has a partnership with ncc?
what does trump want to change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did lzhernandez meet in one day?
who waits in a parking lot on waterman ave?
where is the waterman ave located?
where has #TD16 intensified?
how many storms has TD16 intensified into sw carolina?
what did not a single man accept?
what isn't enough to wear a tuxedo?
what does keegan allen say he doesn't know at the end of the season?
what has been gone ofr 15 yars?
how much goes charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who doesn't get to export abuse against journalists to america?
what does turkish president obama not get to export to america?
how many scarves is grudier wearing at work?
when is grudier freezing?
who shared a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of patty arquette's life did she spend with a transgender sister?
who osted this video of ellen degeneres on ellentube?
where did portia post this video of portia?
who does liam love when families stick together?
what does liam love when families stick together?
what does cher want to do?
what is swiss army man completely trolling the audience?
where does rilaw lawson live?
what is izureen going to die in?
what is ureen saying about izureen?
who is being attacked on a 94 crime bill?
what was sanders attack on?
who did carly mallenbaum show?
how did grace veander waal end the show?
who did emma stone say didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone not save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what will john legere do to take his rants to the airwaves?
why did cara delevingne rant over?
what would happen if he wasn't able to vent to you guys?
who acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
what did the m&g propose to sebastian?
who is a trump supporter?
who did turkish fans booed a minute of silence?
who booed a minute of silence?
where is wash wizards special night?
who is inducted into the ukathletics hall of fame?
who is bassellalad shooing away?
what did bassellalad wear this summer?
what is an attempt to cover up the mistakes made in clinton's losing campaign?
what is the video of melbourne clinton and sean spicer cruising down the street?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what will be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
what will the glory of the Lord be revealed?
what is the name of the prize pack?
what kind of prize pack did staples win?
who is the author of the mlk day?
what can do that?
who is baron damm running for?
who is the running mate of donald trump?
what is arie trying to do?
who is trying to comfort someone while telling a sad story?
what does reese witherspoon say he has 3 legs?
who will reese witherspoon never apologize for snuggling?
who did future say his kids ain't his main priority?
who did future say ain't his main priority?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
what is officially dead today?
what did dani delete?
who won't be able to sleep until he knows how this person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who did eric eisenberg see back in action?
what does eric eisenberg think of the plot?
who filed a court complaint against cassell?
who filed a court complaint?
who passed away?
who is josh gad sad to learn about mike nichols?
what did full frontal leave to spend more time with his pets?
what was jordan feldstein's character?
where is naturally segregated?
who is in the middle of the middle?
who is the change that we seek?
who is he happy with?
what country did military police try to arrest kim?
why did macedonean military police try to arrest kim?
what is james harry's team better be in?
who is righteous cc radio talking about?
who kissed simone biles on the cheek?
what did he kiss?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did dave majewski say they were not?
what can't they wait for?
what festival is being held?
what is the election over?
how many years has nick jonas been making this record?
what has nick jonas been making this year and a half?
what country is donald trump talking about?
what was the story broadcast on?
how many shots will steven bowditch head to the last?
where did steven bowditch lead?
what is the biggest thing that makes GMs feel like you have multiple offers?
what does the biggest thing make GM's feel?
what flag did evrett edwards planted?
where did evrett edwards planted the iowa flag?
what is the new service specializing in sithy advice?
what is the job of a president?
what is the job of a president?
who are they talking about?
what is the name of the harry potter play?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
what is mike shinoda feeling?
who has a few ideas brewing?
who is joss whedon talking about?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who crashed a photography session?
how many sweaters does the monumental network want to take home?
who did the red wings not believe would get?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
what team makes zayn name one of the shoes 'zigi'?
who has a shoe collection?
what is the crowd looking at?
what will be thru the roof?
who did the tweeter spin?
who did he spin boogieman?
who was driving students around for surewalk?
where did matthew mcconaughey drive students?
who did taylor swift and dunder tweet about?
what kind of space is taken to a WHOLE?
who deserves to be?
where did katyperry pull up to liberate?
where did the senior prank take place?
who did bill hader do a senior prank at iroquois high school?
who is unsure if he will need surgery on his elbow?
who is pending surgery on malkin's elbow?
what does keaton call 'hisdden'?
who calls 'hisdden figures'?
who asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
who is a korean group playing?
what is the lowkey growing on tria?
who is the queen meeting?
what does she think the queen is nervous about?
who is the strike picketing in downtown boston?
where is #verizonstrike picketing?
who is set for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi?
where is the team for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi?
who was mandy proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about sterling krown?
who is coming to an end?
what kind of sadness is the tig coming to an end?
where is she standing in line with chara?
what year did monika bittner use the restroom?
where is traffic set up?
what is john boyega excited about?
what does the truth feel like?
what are they excited for?
what is jeopardy going to have in today's game?
who is jeopardy a member of?
what does lebron james have every game he plays?
who is ramon herencia proud of?
where did we map amber waves of grain?
what are the most popular states?
who is the worst airline in america?
what airline is the worst airline in america?
who plays his brother?
who is nickkroll a prop from?
who is canceling all appearances at the mostate flight?
where is the governor going to visit north stl county?
who was drake dancing like in his music video?
what was drake dancing like in his music video?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia interested in?
what did chron get up shots after?
where did he bring you to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
when did he bring you in the shower?
what did gal gadot shuns heels in?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
what is tarik el-bashir interviewing?
who released music together?
what is selena & abel releasing?
what kind of story does steve gerardner say the rockies look to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what does steve gerardner think torn story looks to be back from thumb surgery?
what color is beyonce wearing?
who is beyonce's wax figure?
what are the travel headaches and impact plans?
where is memorial day weekend?
who is the cover shoot from?
what type of cover shoot is kimkardashian's first?
who is being asked about?
who is being asked about hanzal?
what is brian truitt referring to?
what kind of characters does blackpanther have?
what did elizabeth degeneres forget?
where did elizabeth degeneres go?
who doesn't see color?
what does chris brown think will go to the people?
who will chris brown go to?
who scored 37pts against tonight?
who is watching the warriors?
where did the eagles of death metal return?
where did the eagles of death metal return?
who did octavia spencer miss?
what does octavia spencer think america needs a trump presidency to see?
who is he challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many points contests are there?
who does rachel handler have arms?
who loved and lived to act?
what could stop daniel roberts?
who traded on ice at 1030am?
when did dustin penner traded?
what awards did justin bieber thank for?
what did justin bieber have a great time with?
what did tim burchett say is the right decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the zamboni unveiled?
who is the new addition to?
where did lindsayell perform?
who asked lindsayell not to come bc of his personal life?
what type of hack did merck confirm his company's computer network was compromised?
who sang the national anthem at the lildickytweets concert?
what is jimmy harbaugh singing at the lildickytweets concert?
who did taylorswift13 get to perform'smelly cat'?
what did lisa kudrow perform?
how long ago would arie have said?
who is arie excited to watch?
what does she refuse?
what did kerry washington say about the convo?
what is the title of the convo?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye do when he stands up?
who does kyrieirving hand his first Celtics jersey?
what did kyrieIrving hand his dad?
where is he taking this season?
who is aking this season to the malaysia?
who is the chief strategiest?
when was the new colossus added to the statue of liberty?
when was "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
who did one of the most despicable things he've ever seen happen on tv, reality or otherwise?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who is the mayor of?
who does mike cernovich think threaten a professor?
what do left wing students threaten a professor?
what does he wish he was an american?
what did he wish he was?
who was busy cashing a video game check?
what was kim kim kardashian doing?
who is here at the edsheeran show?
what color is tom hiddleston wearing?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who doesn't have to wear a dress tonight?
when does michael roston want to wear a dress?
who went 5th?
who was told one team has ranked 6th?
who is nick walker tired of?
how long has nick been tired of taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is r.i.p?
who are the kindest people you could ever hope to meet?
where did bill mccartney arrive?
who has a rock star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who is a good role model and not a bad golfer?
what is kelly xu's role model?
who is her generation's gay icon?
what isnt an explicit and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many people are killed?
how many offensive fouls did the Celtics have on inbound plays?
how many offensive fouls did harden get on inbound plays?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did a jury deliberate longer in the cosby case?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
who is liam happy to have signed to?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is happy to show all of you the teaser poster for beauty and the beast?
what are women nominated for?
what time did the exchange take place?
who is referring to a plead case to center?
how long would he have traded coldplay for?
how long would you have traded coldplay?
who is the ultimate surprise to this trip?
who is living his best life at this ed sheeran concert?
what did blakeshelton do in his life?
where did blakeshelton spend an entire day?
how long did ghweldon say europe is less hung up about gay stuff than the us?
who is europe less hung up about gay stuff than?
where did a bunch of us go?
who died so we could see that was his mission?
who fixed the logo for james?
how much money did milo receive?
what did katieledecky do to get through the medal detector?
who did mlb take to get through the medal detector?
who is charlie bartlett and house of d?
who is anton elchin thanks for?
who has the goods?
what is the real frightening STORy about?
what did allys likeastar read?
what did allyslikeastar say you were good until reading the r-word?
who does he see a lot of himself in?
what does nbcsnl see a lot of?
who is lin-manuel timothy full of?
what does lin-manuel jordan love?
what did the president ask the president?
where did the president ask for his resignation?
who did martha stewart illuminate one tree for?
what did martha stewart say about the tree?
who must be laughing more at the negative press?
what are the russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
what is the haul?
what does kukkatori print?
what does cookie's FUR match?
where did cookie's match take place?
what is zac efron watching?
where does zac efron live?
what does he welcome?
who does bernie sanders not want the support of?
what color does ron coogler have?
where is sam smith's heart?
what is sam smith's heart with?
who d her signature smile after her best bar routine?
what did simon biles do after her best bar?
what does john green not use in a book or elsewhere?
what is the word not used in a book or elsewhere?
who was a great reminder from?
what color should you wear if you are not able to strike?
who is han solo cuz?
what movie is daniel daniel playing?
who arrived in london?
where did john arrive in london?
how many goals did the team score in the 3rd period?
how many times did the predators score in the postseason?
who is the cover star?
how many people were cited to announce their April cover star?
who is speaking in harvard's @jfkjrforum?
when will senrand paul speak in harvard's @jfkjrforum?
who is olfa from?
who is from the bachelor?
who is ryan's daughter?
who is rebecca jimmy happy with?
what is rebecca michael's timeline?
who had a dream so we could one day make ours come true?
who did tyra banks dream of?
who will support kddrey5 and deandrejordan6?
who will support kddrey5 and deandre jordan?
what is world's top selling watch?
who is world's top selling watch?
who broke the third rule of dua lipa?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who recorded "After Everything I've done for you"?
who is dj champlin a genius?
what must the internet remain?
what did he sign an executive order to protect?
who did toya wright want to keep bobbi kristina in our prayers?
who is better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before leaking to the press?
where did james comey leak to?
what did jordansdiamonds support and campaign for?
what did jordansdiamonds say she supported and campaigned for?
where is drake from?
what song is  Drake singing?
what does daniel pope think people can't get?
who is carly mallenbaum talking about at the starwars fan concert?
who is carly mallenbaum seeing at the starwars fan concert?
who is the tweeter talking about?
what are the texans open to?
what color does ceelo look like?
who did she thank for the birthday card and twenty dollars?
how much did she pay for the birthday card?
who can come to an agreement with us hockey?
when was the anthem released?
what was the anthem to a friend Janet lost to?
who is rob smith lecturing?
what would martin luther king jr have done?
who is justin bieber?
who is watching justin bieber's set?
who now refers to their lies asalternative facts?
who was unnecessary?
what is ed sheeran not talking about?
who was harassed by trump supporters?
who harassed a muslim student?
what does jay walker want to get on the 7 line web site?
how does he want to get his tattoo on the 7 line web site?
who is rebooting back to the future with an amazing all-female cast?
who is bob z. rebooting back to the future with?
who wants to go home?
how many people are talking about donald trump?
who did jacoby ellsbury make his 9th catcher interference?
when did james ellsbury record his 9th catcher interference?
what did cruelty never make anyone?
what did cruelty never make anyone a winner?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what movie is rob lowe talking about?
what movie is there a new hero in town?
what rock hall is bon jovi in?
what does bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what will jimmy druin play on tonight?
who does lena love?
what does lena dunham not wear?
how long was jason demers excited to be part of the sharks organization?
what organization is jason demers excited to be part of?
who is the walking dead partnering with?
what does drake university put down?
what show did carly mallenbaum tweet about?
how long has the view been?
who is eb confused at?
what is eb confused about?
what song did the member of the tenors sing?
what did chelsea janes sing?
who is kerry mahony talking about?
who is elizabeth using phrases like slob kabob and unleashing khaleesi?
who is maeve mcdermott wearing a rose?
what is maeve mcdermott wearing?
what does lady gaga not need?
what does lady gaga want to do?
what makes arie excited?
what does danko jones like to do in 2015?
where did kanye's jokes take place?
what did the cnn do?
what does everyone make?
what is the reputation of comey?
who did billie jean king say ited for her?
how does she want to hold her little girl?
what sport is mike mazzeo talking about?
what did the officials think was a foul?
what is elizabeth degeneres thankful for?
what are the people who have eggs as their profile pics?
where did megan walker make the decision?
who made the decision between us, ND and uconn?
what is happening to women everyday at work?
what does this happen to black women everyday?
what is lefou's "gay moment" in?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who understood the importance of this issue?
what does summer gory-Martin wish congress understood?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who did sergio garcia drink last night?
what kind of wine did sergio garcia drink?
who has been snubbed?
what is the name of the bandages?
what bandages are featured in the new u?
who is sporting her natural hair?
what is zazie sporting?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what did trump expect better from megynkelly?
what beer is safe and sound in ambdoer's office?
who is the tweeter thanking?
what do the americans need to know?
what colors are the only colors you need to know?
what does the restaurant menu print?
what does arkit eat?
who did he try to make this about?
what did he try to make this about?
who is the giant herd of?
where is the giant herd of starswars concert attendees going?
who is ava inspired by?
who is being cast in rinkle in time?
who is john legere talking about?
what is stephen colbert in russia?
who is stephen colbert in russia?
how many fans did anze kopitar visit?
where does anze kopitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
what is the best thing that happened to morgan?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the democrats smiling?
what is ohio done with nhl?
what kind of series is the nba producing?
what do you get once in your life to laugh at someone's horrible musfortune?
what does she get a free pass to laugh at?
who did matt lucas always depend on?
who has always depended on strangers?
who is chris hemsworth?
who is algadot asking?
who is putting up shots in l.a.
where is henry hayward putting up shots?
who is carrying an acoustic guitar more often?
what awards does jtimberlake receive?
who had a heart attack?
what did gwyneth r. r. martin have?
who passed away?
where did bernie marsden spend time with mlm young?
what did mike ronalds do while entering canada?
where was mike richards charged for possession of controlled substance?
what should nobody in their right mind do about curry?
what show did baron davis do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family make the trip?
who made the trip to washington square garden?
who is taking the dancing abc stage?
what stage is mr drew scott taking?
who is giving an honourary decoration to?
where did the concert go?
who drops the microphone?
where does a president drop the microphone?
what would celebs make to get retweets?
who will always love you?
what kind of bird is free?
who is albus potter talking about?
who is harry, ginny, and albus potter?
what is lady gaga's dream of being a las vegas girl?
what does rachel lindsay say she keeps her grass cut low so the snakes will show?
what does rachel lindsay keep grass cut low?
what is kim keeping a secret?
what kind of raps does NICKI MINa have?
what will he write for?
what does shannon purser have about it?
what is she trying to come to terms with?
what show is jay z making?
what does jay z have a black cast?
what will be gone fast?
who is reince priebus talking about?
where is idabet's first visit?
what is mark knoller's first visit to idabet?
who stepped out today?
what does the duchess of cambridge love?
who plans to appear at rangers spring training?
who is robert wilson's agent?
who won a taylor?
who won a taylor?
where were the protests taking place?
what did melania trump think of?
who did paris blue tweet about?
who is paris blue referring to?
what series does eugene mirman hope he gets cast on?
what revival news has given ghully wilson new life?
what has he given him new?
what was rihanna put on this earth?
where was rihanna slaughtered?
how does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses did Patricio BG drink?
where is billy horschel playing?
who is playing in the pro-am today?
what does rick and morty want to do?
what does rick and morty wish for?
who's fan base is gay men?
who is ariana's fan base?
what did nicki do outside with her brothers?
where did nicki come from?
what can people be taught if they can learn to hate?
what does barack obama say people must learn to?
who did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who is he able to announce that he will be miss golden globes 2016?
what is corinne foxx able to announce?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
who did jose manuel calderon wake up every morning?
what does chrissy teigen call the short skirt?
who did chrissy teigen call the skirt?
how many turnovers does jogi ferrell run?
who credits improved assist to ratio to tom crean?
what race has a emmy NOMINATION?
who is bringing calyn home?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a bimbo?
who does donald trump refuse to call megyn kelly?
why does brad paisley say he is happy?
what does brad paisley not mean?
what did chrisis singin LISTEN to?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is bene thanking for the image of the night?
why is violence unnecessary?
what is an angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do?
what is kelechi okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when does kelechi okafor apply for a job?
who is adding a little gay to their tale as old as time of beastiliaty?
what is a little gay to the tale?
where was the high turnout of black women?
who was the high turnout of in alabama's senate election?
who sent a video message to tracee ellis ross?
what is charlie obama celebrating?
how long was the train not arriving?
who sounds like a train easing into the station?
what does a cafe create a trump burger for?
where does the cafe create a trump burger?
what is sean talking about?
what does sean seize?
who had a salt-and-pepper haired baby?
what had a salt-and-pepper haired?
what does giphy know about love?
who is the author of the tweet?
what is lebron driving?
who is lebron driving a kia?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is the next bachelor?
who is incorporated into a wilson's world skit?
what year did kanye west skit?
who will play comey in the movie?
what year was the movie released?
what was his dad's battle with?
how many people are in pain?
who announced her retirement?
how long has Cathy lanier been with police?
what march is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
what country is the least embarrassing march in 6 months?
what is kristen scott's short film?
who introduces 'come swim'?
what must they do when they have a great candidate?
where was the black turnout today?
who is being asked to step up?
who wants to be musicians to step up?
who's candy shop is sugar from?
what does kim not play with?
what is the way they run to?
what is the way they run to each other?
who is raveling psychologically/emotionally?
who is coming unhinged?
what does tyrann say to another person?
how old is tyrann mathieu?
what sport is the best?
what did jordin tootoo give chris nelson the fight for?
what did the daughter get?
what was patty arquette nominated for?
what can we do to personalize shopping?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on the new law & order SVU?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is dewey october 12, 2015?
what did the cops tell dewey october 12, 2015?
who is niall horan going to miss?
what is the nicest family on?
what does nba say good did not win this election?
who did patriots RB snap in win over?
what day is ryan seacrest celebrating?
who is nseacrest's number one mom?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together?
who will coach bylsma use together?
what should trump be given?
how many "tapes" of people colluding?
where did students take the campus to protest racist graffiti?
what does eastern minneapolis university students protest?
who is framed by pat Quinn Way & Griffiths Way?
who is rogersarena framed by?
what demographic are steph curry and under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who asked for a song to release on christmas?
when was the electric mayhem song released?
what did nott jmiller work?
what day is nott jmiller celebrating?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a 657 word message?
who did obama joke to?
where did obama joke?
what app does wil use instead of undermining self confidence with a wall of silence?
what does wil use an app to do instead of undermining self confidence?
what does akira miele think there needs to be?
who needs to be retraining and counseling provided to?
who does lzhernandez and iam vac dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes police reform possible?
what can we legally limit cops to 9-11 calls?
where was the bus located?
which state is jsu not able to tell us who was on the bus or why it was in london area?
who is being sent to 9460 wilshire Blvd?
where are the deaththreats sent to?
who does hillary clinton think is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
what is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
what is the best day of their lives?
what did lauren cosgrove thank everyone for?
who did lin-manuel play this for?
what did lin-manuel say when he played this?
what is the name of the new united airlines mottos?
who put the hospital in hospitality?
who is she interviewing?
who is nina martin interviewing to her mid interview?
who say there's discrimination against whites because of race?
why does more than half of white americans say there's discrimination against whites?
what do we become silent about?
who does elizabeth degeneres say we become silent about things that matter?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who hasn't wanted to punch jennifer?
what does mandy moore believe?
what is mandy moore trying to do?
who did jeff zillgitt tweet about today?
who put larger onus on the olympics?
who showed up to the picranhas3DPuck game?
how did the kane guy show up to the piranhas3DPuck game?
what did dubinsky sign for the upcoming season?
how long did dubinsky have a no-move clause?
who is on the #gots7?
where does ed sheeran go?
what does hery cavill's mustache disappear?
who's mustache is disappearing throughout the movie?
what does krysilove like now?
what does krysilove fry?
who hosts teamHeadsTogether runners?
where is the duchess of cambridge hosting teamHeadsTogether runners?
what are kids growing up in a heteronormative society confused n lost?
where are kids growing up?
who did feisty obama give the same no arms hug?
how old is the iphone?
what did apple slow my phone?
who is kristian nairn sharing his cake with?
what is kristian nairn doing to poor hodor?
who shared the writing and directing work?
who does jabari love?
who was gibbons on lifting his arm up?
what has he been getting a hard time about?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who was sad that she took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what is a black-eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give kanye a career?
what is kanye going to give kaye?
what does sarah silverman want someone to give her?
what did sarah silverman give her hope?
when was ed sheeran made an MBE?
who made ed sheeran an MBE?
who beat west vs. wales by 10 points?
how many points did alabama beat west virginia?
who is nikki kreuzer narrating his goodbye letter to basketball?
who conducts orchestra?
what was found on the side of king hall?
where was the hate speech found?
when did taylorswift13 throw a party?
who didn't throw a party?
what is the name of the album?
what year did it take a village?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
how many men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
what type of ports did ivy park try on?
where did cara anne kelly try on everything she could grab from?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at her dinner?
who's plans are being discussed?
what is the head of habitat int'l?
red sox hit hard on lester and lackey
who is being hit hard on lester and lackey?
what does chrissy teigen miss?
who does chrissy teigen miss empathy for?
who is in the cabinet?
what kind of rack does trump belong to?
who did conan o'brien replace david letterman?
who did nickkroll replace?
what must we do to justice those responsible?
who does andy owen a tweet about?
who does andy chowder say it's down to?
who took a stick to the face?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face?
who is growing up in san francisco?
where is shia labeouf growing up?
who has been enjoying the holiday season?
what does iggy azala feel is exhausting?
who is amandla thanking for reminding us of our strength?
what did beyonce thank beyonce for reminding us of?
what is the name of the theme song?
what does spider mable want to save?
who hates malcolm?
who is down blake in 7 OT's?
when did chelsea wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up?
what is the name of the world holding kanye down?
who holds kanye down?
who is justinkirkland watching?
who is henry caill's favorite part of justice league?
what is the favorite part of justice league?
what is the newest custom-painted aircraft?
what was the newest custom-painted aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
who is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
how many inches is kim kim kardashian's ass?
what is kim kim's ass done for him and his family?
what is the name of the former marine sharpshooter?
who did jean eric vergne pray for?
who did jean eric vergne pray for?
who will always remember this powerful performance?
where was the first stand alone store?
who was chatting with in sjp's first stand alone store?
what is priyanka thanking for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what did zoe saldana do?
who is casting and darkening her skin?
who will we be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will we be able to hew out of?
what did the tweet not show?
what did the tweet not show?
what movie is being reenacted on @espn?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
who were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm this sason?
how long was deray mckesson in the cell?
what does deray mckesson think if you want to test a man's character, give him?
what year is the issue starring wonder-babe @zendaya?
who shot the summer issue?
who shared island recordings and a love for music?
what did doloriordan love?
who did benedict cumberbatch meet?
what does benedict cumberbatch do?
who is right?
what does ambassador rice want to do?
what does he live for?
who does he live for?
where is the live look in from?
what does the penguins want to live in the locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does madonna need?
where is the hospicio de san jones?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
who does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
when does scott sabol grow his beard?
what is scott sabol growing his beard until the browns win or end of the season?
who does donna ray say thoughts and prayers go out to?
who is the family of?
who is kathleen talking about?
what kind of tweet is kathleen talking about?
who did ekkelly wish he looked like?
what did erin kelly want to look like?
who does erni want to go to?
what is the name of the person who has a dark skint multiracial wimmenz?
what type of fire was there?
who did p.k. subban spend with?
what did coach say raci did not affect p.k. subban?
what is happening every morning?
what does this need to do?
who floored halsey?
what does halsey love gaga?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who is sharing the stage with ming xi?
how many characters were used to define their point of view?
how many characters does nick jonas feel about being given over 200 characters?
what does she not do?
what happened to people's boyfriends?
who boo minute of silence for paris attacks?
who was ece toksabay chanting before?
when is coldplay performing their hit song?
what is luke bryan excited to perform on nfl's biggest stage?
where is the nfl's biggest stage?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what color are the roads from the airfied outside of selma into selma lined with?
what are the roads lined with black people cheering?
who does he want to be like when he grows up?
when do they grow up?
what should you do if you're still up and reading this?
who is kim kardashian tweeting about?
what is leanne rames cibrian doing to pull a show?
who is giving it up for?
what does liam take advantage of?
what is prince doing at the rally?
who is prince doing "baltimore"?
where did renaud lavoie realize the meeting was?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to go back?
what song did elton john play?
where did eltonjohn play blue wonderful?
what is he writing to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who wrote a bill to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who is evelyn talking about?
who is michelle rodriguez playing?
who is tearing up the community?
who should condemn these acts of violence?
who is about to lose it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who ever thought, "wow, you look familiar?"
what does justinkirkland think he ever thought?
who was there when texas needed him?
what was @jjwatt honored to help make possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the tigers landing?
who is the woman holding?
what is old tro known as?
who won every poll of the debate tonight?
what did trump win tonight?
what gets a 10tho right?
how many kisses does the kiss get?
who returned to 8h* with a special message?
who did tina fey return to 8h* with a special message?
what kind of carpet did sonia see?
what did sonia see?
who can have mr burns for a president?
who can y'all have for a president if you want?
what has sold out?
what did kim kardashian say the LIGHT has sold out?
what was anton elchin a truly kind person?
when did anton elchin pass?
who does not recall who's been naughty or nice?
what does he not recall?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who would get mad about the hall of presidents figure?
who is trump angry about?
what did simone biles think we were taking a picture then?
when did simone biles kiss him?
who has time to do the right thing?
where will angela eagle stand?
who is jimmy timberlake wearing an outfit?
what is jimmy timberlake wearing in a goodwill donation bag?
who does kalandria brown think would vote for trump?
what did kalandria brown say he would vote for trump?
what did rob post about blake chyna?
what did rob post about blis chyna?
who does rep sanford think cabinet needs to look like?
who does rep sanford think cabinet needs to look like a benetton commercial?
who defines what it means to be cool?
what is hailey baldwin's new shoot for?
what did someone leave a press photo from?
where did someone leave a waterbottle?
what did she go back to?
who is trending over balina's divorce?
who has this incredible night?
who has loved the kanucks more than you have right now?
who did jalen rose say was od in his life?
who did steph have in his life?
who is allan walsha talking with?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many yards did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the cauldron?
who does he accept the challenge?
who slams face into bathroom counter while getting ready?
what is cattie hallway in love with?
who saved the met gala every time?
what did chupsterette save every time?
where was bill mcdonald's last night?
when did billy mcdonald see the movie?
who did brianna yellen thank for the beautiful scene?
what did brianna yellen thank vb biden and mariska for?
what does lin-manuel mourinho say his dad can't stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel's mom cry?
where did sam hinkie get youSee you?
who did sam get to see in nola?
how many people texted marissa?
what is alarming about people who saw pizza rat?
who is poppy mclaren tweeting about?
who is sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
who can change the world?
what group of citizens can change the world?
how many hockey jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
what kind of jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
what did the police do?
who did police messe with the wrong one?
who closed the deal to play comey in american crime story?
who did kyle chandler play in american crime story?
where is steven samkos showing some good power?
what is kylie jenner saying about 2016?
what is to zoe saldana?
who has never felt more solidarity with?
what does jon levine say he has never felt more solidarity with ann coulter than he does?
what is bill o'brien giving to start offseason earlier?
who is giving an impassioned plea to start offseason earlier?
what is jussie smollett talking about?
who does jussie smollett love?
what is the video set to?
what year is the class of?
how many years has she taken a break from making movies?
what does he say she can't say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what is making them 2 b cops?
who is the tweeter referring to?
what can we expect oprah to do with just two hands?
where was christian wood growing up?
where was christian wood growing up?
what does snoop dogg give away to a witch?
where is snoop dogg giving his blunt to a witch?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many general manager in nyr franchise history did jeff gorton be named?
who did tyrabanks tell tyrabanks on "we were rooting for you!"
who ells @preacherlawson?
who was very complimentary a few days ago?
who told the mayor of san jimmy that you must be nasty to trump?
who does drake congratulate?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to?
where will mammoth be open daily?
when will mammoth be open?
what did the state open up a statewide hotline number to report?
what does the state celebrate?
who is welcoming to the red carpet?
who is welcoming our troops to the red carpet?
who does marcus love?
what does he love?
who congratulated me on a great speech?
what did donald trump just congratulate?
who takes to the skies for an aircadets flight simulator training session?
what is the duchess taking to the skies?
what is katy perry releasing tonight?
what is katy perry doing?
who does josh wonder why we don't like?
what is john krasinski thanking for?
what did john find after this picture was taken?
who is mad at this dude lmaooo?
where is josh eating the tiniest cookie?
what does josh want to do?
what does jimmie johnson have a chance to honor?
what sport does jimmie johnson belong to?
what did jason aldean add to his family?
what does this year get?
how many ex-Googlers were founded?
who is audacity to name it?
who's win streak ends at 22?
how many wins does the indians win streak end?
what does joe hope u kids don't make erous?
what does he hope kids don't make running up to ppl's homes a thing?
how many people were on board?
how many passengers were on board?