who has the most to lose?
what was deflated as much as new england patriots football?
what is john d. sutter saying about the endangeredriver?
who would be a sexy bastard in this channel?
who answered kemba's floater?
what is the game tied?
how many games did kemba's game tie?
who is the floater?
what is the name of the shooting star?
what was the cause of the tweet?
who is adam dhit talking about?
what does adam dhit say he does about?
who is looking good in practice?
what is tsonga looking good in practice ahead of?
where did mukuria chege dove past?
what did mukuria chege do at westgate?
where did the inmates look at the hole cut in the wall?
what was the hole cut in the wall?
what event did yblume start researching this novel?
what year did judy blume start researching this novel?
who is sen geillibrand trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
who is trump trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve to do?
what does rand paul want to do?
what is bc a progressive populist candidate focused on?
who is emilia clooney going to celebrate?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is the luckiest girl in the universe?
what is meredith salenger the luckiest girl in the universe?
who is jeb bush giving 5 stars?
what is jeb bush giving you?
who could never say what you said in one?
what kind of guitar does lenny kravitz use?
who is the european tour celebrating?
where did he aces the 15th?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who does john colapinto wish you luck?
who does john colapinto wish you luck?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like her blog calling her fat?
what will we wear today?
who is the nypd hat honoring?
how did giancarlo suffer facial lacerations?
who gets things done?
who did donald get things done?
how many miles is belgium camp?
what did klinsmann not offer to do?
who did jay sean read about?
who did paul walker die?
when is bobby of voting age?
who is the mayor?
what was the sion show of the 21st century?
what year was the greatest television show of the 21st century?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with the cavs?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take us?
what is russia trying to undermine?
who is trying to undermine democracies?
what is the extent of the outage?
where did the map show the extent of facebook outage?
who is being announced?
what is dcgirlpower comics announcing?
who is greg cosell talking about?
what does greg cosell like to talk about?
who did charles nyc help rescue?
where did charles nasr help abraham berry?
who is alexavega honored to work with?
what did alexavega say you were an amazing tv daddy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
where is the former ice cream store submerged?
who is jemmye hanks tweeting about?
what did jemmye lose?
who manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
what is the writer of MAN of STEEL?
who is paying homage?
who is paying homage?
where did ben bradlee take the photo?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
where did leslie jones get two ways to watch?
where did leslie jones watch the olympics?
what is the newly minted partnership with republic records?
who is a newly minted partnership with?
what does trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did lzhernandez meet?
who wait in a parking lot on waterman ave?
where did office workers wait in a parking lot on waterman ave?
where did the storm intensify?
how many storms has it intensified?
what does naral want men to wear a black tuxedo?
what isn't enough for men to wear?
what does keegan allen say he does at the end of the season?
what did mute bae say he hasn't used aIM in years?
how much goes to charity?
who was pranked by @dmicelinelson?
who doesn't get to export abuse against journalists to america?
what does turkish president obama not export to america?
what are they currently wearing at work?
where is aprie grudier wearing two scarves and a jacket?
who spent half his life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
what did patty spend half of her athroom with a transgender sister?
who osted this video of him on ellentube?
who posted this video of portia on?
who does liam love when families stick together?
what does liam love when families do?
what does cher want to do?
what is swiss armady man doing?
where is swiss armady man?
where is izureen going to die?
what is ureen talking about?
what is not fair for to attack hillary clinton?
what is not fair for sanders to attack hillary clinton?
who did carly mallenbaum show?
how did grace veander waal end the show?
who did emma stone say you didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone not save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what will john legere write?
why did cara delevingne rant over?
what would happen if he wasn't able to vent to you guys?
who did sarah goddard acknowledge?
what did the m&g propose to sebastian?
who is a trump supporter?
where did turkish fans booed a minute of silence?
who booed a minute of silence?
where is wallstar inducted into the ukathletics hall of fame?
who is inducted into the ukathletics hall of fame?
who is bassellalad shooing away?
what is bassellalad wearing?
what is an attempt to cover up the mistakes made in clinton's losing campaign?
what is sean spicer cruising down the street on?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
what will the glory of the lord be revealed?
what does staples show us?
what is the prize?
who is the author of this tweet?
what can do that?
who is the running mate of pizza rat?
who is the running mate of donald trump?
what is arie trying to do while they tell?
who is trying to comfort someone while telling a sad story?
what does reese witherspoon think everybody knows now?
who does reese witherspoon never apologize for snuggling?
who did future say his kids ain't his main priority?
who does future say is not his main priority?
what has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
who has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
what app is officially dead?
what did danielleerika delete?
who will not be able to sleep until she knows how this person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who did eric eisenberg see back in action?
what does eric eisenberg think is fantastic?
who filed a court complaint against cassell?
who filed a court complaint?
who passed away?
who is josh gad sad to learn that #mikenichols has passed?
what did full frontal leave?
what was jordan feldstein so saddened by?
what country is naturally segregated?
who is in the middle of the middle?
who is the change that we seek?
who is obama's birthday?
what country was the military police trying to arrest?
what did macedonean military police do?
what is james harry's team better be in?
who is listening to righteouscc radio?
who kissed simone biles on the cheek?
what did he kiss?
who did daniel majewski ask if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did daniel do to prevent 9/11?
what can't they wait for?
what festival is the thinkpiece from?
what is the election over?
how many years has nick jonas been making this record?
what year has nick jonas been making?
where is donald trump's statement?
what is trump saying about a story that was broadcast on?
what will steven bowditch head to the last?
where is steven bowditch heading?
what is the biggest thing that makes GMs feel like you have multiple offers?
what does the biggest thing make GM's feel?
what flag did evrett edwards planted?
where did evrett edwards planted the iowa flag?
what service is specializing in sithy advice?
what is the job of a president?
what is the job of a president?
who are they talking about?
who is working on harry otter?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
what is mike shinoda feeling?
who has a few ideas brewing for batgil?
what is joss whedon talking about?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who is crashing a photography session?
where is the caps sens?
who did the red wings don't believe they would get?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
what team makes zayn name one of the shoes 'zigi'?
who has a shoe collection?
what does he look at?
what will be thru the roof?
who did he spin?
who did he mention?
who drove students around for surewalk?
where did matt mcconaughey drive students?
who did taylor swift and dunder have blank space taken to a WHOLE?
what does this look like?
who deserves to be?
where did katyperry pull up to liberate?
where did grace aroune bill hader perform a senior prank?
who did a senior prank at iroquois high school?
who is uncertain if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
who is malkin unsure if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
what does he call 'hisdden'?
who calls 'hisdden figures'?
who asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what was a korean group playing?
what does tria think y'all are?
who is the queen meeting?
who is the queen talking about?
who is picking up a strike in downtown boston?
where is the #verizonstrike picketing?
who is the locker room set for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi?
where is the team for the player's arrival?
who was sterling k proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about sterling krown?
who is coming to an end?
how sad is the tig?
where is she standing in line with chara?
when is monika bittner standing in line with chara to use the restroom?
where is traffic set up?
what is john boyega excited about?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what is @therealeve excited for?
who is a member of the beyhive?
who is jeopardy a member of?
what does lebron james have every game he plays?
who is ramon herencia proud to have this tattoo?
where did we map amber waves of grain?
what states did let's grab a beer find?
who is the worst airline in america?
where is the worst airline in america?
who plays his brother?
who is the prop from?
who is canceling all appearances?
where is the governor going to visit north stl county?
who was drake dancing like?
what was drake dancing like Carlton in?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia interested in?
what did jonathan curry get up shots after?
what did he bring to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
where did he bring you in the shower to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
what did gal gadot shuns heel in?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
where is tarik el-bashir interviewing ovechkin?
who released music together?
what genre did selena & abel release?
what kind of story does steve gerard say looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
who looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what is katy gosselin wearing?
who is beyonce wearing a purple ensemble?
what did the weather channel say about memorial day weekend in central & eastern u.s.
where are the rain and storms affecting?
who is the author of the cover shoot?
what cover shoot did kimkardashian shoot?
who is being asked about?
who is being asked about hanzal?
what movie is brian truitt talking about?
what kind of characters is blackpanther?
what did elaine degeneres forget?
where did elen degeneres go?
who doesn't see color?
what does chris brown think will go to the people?
who will chris brown go to?
who scored 37pts against?
who was watching the warriors tonight?
where did the eagles of death metal return?
where did eagles of death metal make triumphant return to paris?
who does octavia spencer want to miss?
what did obama do with obama?
who is he challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many people are challenging money2 to a 3 point contest?
who does rachel handler have arms?
who loved or lived to act?
what could stop daniel roberts?
who traded on ice at 1030 am?
when did dustin penner traded?
what awards did justin bieber thank for?
what did justin bieber say he had a great time?
what did tim burchett say is the right decision?
what is the right decision for tim burchett?
when was the new addition to the zamboni unveiled?
what is the new addition to?
where did lindsayell perform?
who asked lindsayell not to come bc of his personal life?
what kind of hack did merck confirm his company's computer network was compromised?
who sang the national anthem at the lildickytweets concert?
what is jimmy harbaugh singing?
who did taylorswift13 get to perform'smelly cat'?
what did lisa kudrow perform?
what would arie have said?
who is arie excited to watch?
what does trinity bramhall refuse?
what did kerry washington say is an important one that needs to be had?
what does kerry washington say about the KWs cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye do when he stands up?
who does kyrieirving hand his first Celtics jersey?
who did kyrieirving hand his dad his first?
where is he taking this season?
who is aking this season to the maks?
who is the chief strategiest?
what year was the "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
what year did eric lazarus's "new colossus" raise funds for?
who did one of the most despicable things he've ever seen happen on tv?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who is the mayor of?
who threatens a professor?
what culture does the media decry?
what does he wish he was an american?
what does he wish he was?
who was busy cashing the 80 million video game check?
what was kim kim kardashian doing?
who is at the edsheeran show sippin from a red solo cup?
what type of cup is tom hiddleston here?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who does michael roston think you don't have to wear that dress tonight?
what day does michael roston say you don't have to wear that dress?
who goes 5th?
who was told one team has ranked 6th?
who is already tired of taylor swift and?
how long has nick been tired of taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is r.i.p?
who is the kindest people you could ever hope to meet?
where is bill keveney coming from?
who has a rock star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who is a good role model and not a bad golfer?
what is kelly xu's role model?
who is billboard's generation's gay icon?
what isnt an explicit and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many people are killed?
who did two straight offensive fouls on inbound plays to help the Celtics pull it out?
how many fouls did harden get on inbound plays?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did a jury deliberate longer in the cosby case?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
who is liam happy to have signed to?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is happy to show all of you the teaser poster for beauty and the beast?
what are women nominated for?
when did the exchange take place?
what did behs chargers soccer tweet about?
how long would coldplay be traded for?
what would you have traded coldplay for five minutes?
where did tom hiddleston live his best life?
who is living his best life at this ed sheeran concert?
what did he take time to talk him through?
where did he spend an entire day?
how many years of eurovision helped explain why europe is less hung up about gay stuff than the us?
who is europe less hung up about gay stuff?
where did a bunch of us go?
who died so we could see that was his mission?
who fixed the logo for james?
what is milo receiving?
what did katieledecky get through the MEDAL detector?
who got through the MEDAL detector?
who did charlie bartlett pray for strength to his family?
who is anton elchin thanks for?
who has the goods?
who is confronting its role in the world?
what does ally likeastar say you were good until he read the r-?
where did allyslikeastar say they were good until he read the r-word?
who does nbc see a lot of themselves in you?
what does nbcsnl see a lot of themselves in you?
what are you strong and full of?
what does lin-manuel love?
what did the president ask the president?
who did preet bharara ask for his resignation?
who did martha stewart illuminate?
what is martha stewart wishing you a Merry christmas?
who must be laughing more at the constant negative press?
what does russian officials have to be laughing more at?
where did the royal family stand?
who is the queen & members of the royal family watching?
what is marimekko for?
what did kukkatori print?
what does cookie's FUR match theshoe the best?
where did cookie's fur match the best?
what is zac efron watching?
what is zac efron watching?
what does he welcome?
who doesn't want the support of mcadam, immelt and their friends?
what is ron coogler directing?
where is sam smith's heart?
what is sam smith's heart with?
who did simone biles smile after her best bar routine?
what did simon biles do after the c olympics?
what does john green say he won't use in a book or elsewhere?
what is not mentioned in the tweet?
who was a great reminder from?
what color should you wear if you are not able to strike?
who is bad for that guy playing han solo cuz that's dr. glover movie now?
who is daniel gloriver playing?
who is arriving in london?
who is arriving in london?
who scored 3 goals in the 3rd period?
how long did the predators score in the postseason?
who hits stands 3/15?
how many people were cited to announce elliegoulding's cover star?
who spoke in harvard's @fkjrforum?
when did trey grayson speak in harvard's @fkjrforum?
who is olivia from?
who made her want to punch herself in the face?
what is ryan's virginity?
who is rebecca's timeline happy?
what is rebecca's timeline?
who did tyra banks have a dream?
who had a dream so we could one?
who will support you like @kddrey5 and @deandrejordan6?
who will support you like @kdrey5 and @deandre?
what is world's top selling watch?
who is world's top selling watch?
who broke the third rule of dua lipa?
who broke the rule of dua lipa?
who is recording after everything I've done for you?
who is dj amplin a genius?
what must the internet remain?
what did he sign an executive order to protect?
who is toya's heart going out to?
who is better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press?
where did james comey start leaking to?
what did jordansdiamonds support and campaign for?
what did jordansdiamonds say she supported and campaigned for?
where is dr dr dr dr a houstonian spanish rapper?
what song is dr dr king on?
what is daniel pope saying when you think things can't get any?
who is carly mallenbaum tasted at the starwars fan concert?
who is carly mallenbaum seeing at the starwars fan concert?
who is he talking about?
what are the texans open to?
what does ceelo look like?
who did she call her grandmother and thank her for the birthday card?
what amount did she call your grandmother and thank her?
what program does mike euzione support?
in what year did Janet release an anthem to a friend she lost to AIDS?
what kind of song did Janet lose to?
who is rob smith lecturing?
what would martin luther king do?
who is justin bieber?
who is watching justin bieber's set?
who is trump referring to?
who was unnecessary?
what did ed sheeran say was unnecessary?
who was harassed by trump supporters?
who harassed a muslim student?
what is jay walker wondering how to get his #?
how do they want to get their tattoo on the 7 line web site?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what is he rebooting back to the future with?
who wants to go home?
how many people are talking about the island girl?
who did jacoby ellsbury do?
when did james ellsbury record his 9th catcher interference?
what did cruelty never make?
what did cruelty never make anyone a winner?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what movie is rob lowe talking about?
what is the new hero in town?
what rock hall is bon jovi?
what did bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what will jimmy drouin play on tonight?
who does lena love?
what does lena dunham say she may not wear?
how long was jason demers excited to be part of the sharks organization?
what organization is jason demers a part of?
who is partnering with the walking dead?
what are people trying to recreate the photo of drake?
where did carly mallenbaum update the show?
how long is the update?
who is eb confused at?
what is eb confused about?
what is the member of the tenors singing here?
what did the member of the tenors hold?
who is kerry mahony talking about?
who is elizabeth using phrases like slob kabob?
who is maeve mcdermott wearing a rose?
what is maeve mcdermott talking about?
what does lady gaga want?
what does lady gaga want eyes to do?
what makes arie excited?
what does thankso jones like to revisit wilson's world?
what did kanye jokes like?
what did the cnn do?
what does everyone make?
what is the phony and dishonest trump investigation running?
who did billie jean king say ited for?
what is billie jean king excited for?
what sport did mike mazzeo say mattered?
what did the officials say was a foul?
what is she thankful for?
who is egeneres thankful for?
where did megan walker make the decision?
who made the decision?
who does britany packnett say this happens to?
what happens to black women everyday?
what did lefou have a "gay moment" in?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who did summer gordon wish understood the importance of this issue?
what does summer gory-Martin wish congress understood the importance of this issue?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how long did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who did sergio garcia drank last night?
what kind of wine did sergio garcia drink last night?
who has been snubbed?
what kind of blister did u by kotex have?
what bandages are you covered with?
who is sporting her natural hair as a Domino?
what is zazie sporting?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what did trump expect better from megynkelly?
what beer is safe and sound in ambdoer’s office?
who does connect2canadian say the beer is safe and sound?
what does the americans need to know?
what color is the only color you need to know?
what is made with arkit's restaurant menu printed?
what is made with arkit doing?
who did anna try to make this about?
what did he try to make this about?
who is the giant herd of?
where is the giant herd of stars wars concert attendees?
who is an icon?
who is being cast in wrinkle in time?
who should return to stores asap?
what does stephen colbert think will bring you back a copy?
who is in russia?
where is anze kopitar arriving?
where is anze kopitar arriving?
who is trending right now?
what day did regina glenn trend?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the mocrats?
what is ohio done with nhl?
what kind of series is the nba producing?
what do you get once in your life?
what happens when you get a free pass to laugh at someone's horrible musfortune?
what did matt lucas always depend on?
who has always depended on strangers?
who is chris hemsworth referring to?
who is algadot asking?
who is putting up shots in l.a.
where is he putting up shots in l.a.
who should carry an acoustic guitar more often?
what awards did jtimberlake receive?
who had a heart attack?
what did gloria r. r. martin have?
who was the heart and engine of the great show?
who was the heart and engine of the great show?
what was mike richards charged for?
where was mike richards charged for possession of controlled substance?
what should nobody in their right mind do about curry?
what does baron davis think he should do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family make the trip?
who made the trip to adreian payne and the spartan basketball?
who did jimmy scott tweet about?
what is mrdrew scott doing tonight?
who did the concert do an amazing service to the uk?
where did the concert go?
who drops the microphone?
what is the way a president drops the microphone?
what would celebs make to get retweets?
who will always love you?
what is the caged?
what did harry, ginsny and albus potter play?
who is harry, ginny, and albus potter?
what is las vegas' dream?
what does rachel lindsay say she is independent?
what does rette keep grass cut low?
what is kim keeping a secret?
what kind of rap is NICKI MINAJ writing?
what will he write for?
what can be scary?
what can be scary?
who made jay z a mini series?
what is jay z making a mini series?
what will be gone fast?
who is giving a free pair of limited-edition?
where is he going to visit?
who leaves three states he has yet to visit?
who stepped out today?
what does the duchess love?
who plans to appear at rangers spring training?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who won a taylor?
who won a taylor?
where did melania trump think of those hurt?
what did melania trump think of?
who did paris blue tweet about?
who is paris blue watching?
what series is eugene mirman cast on?
who has given her new life?
what has holly wilson given him new?
what was rihanna put on this earth?
where was rihanna slaughtered?
how fast does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses did Patricio drink?
where is he playing?
who is playing in the pro-am today?
what does rick and morty want to do?
what does rick and morty want to do?
who does not make her fit to "represent" the gay community as a gay icon?
who is ariana's fan base?
how did nicki get beat?
where did nicki come?
what can people be taught to?
what must people learn to do?
who did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who is missing the golden globes?
who is corinne foxx able to announce?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
who did jose manuel calderon wake up every morning?
what does chrissy teigen call the short?
who does chrissy teigen call this "short skirt"?
how many turnovers did jogi ferrell run?
who credits improved assist to to ratio to tom crean?
what race has a emmy NOMINATION?
who is bringing calyn home?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a bimbo?
who does donald trump refuse to call megyn kelly?
why does brad paul say he is happy?
what does brad paisley mean by "he"?
what are citizens appealing to their future VPOTUS?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is ben thanking for the image of the night?
what does violence need to be condemned?
what is an angry white man joking about?
what does lena want?
what is kelechne okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when did kelechne okafor apply for a job?
who is adding a little gay to their tale as old as time of beastiliaty?
what is a little gay to the tale?
where is the high turnout of black women?
who was the high turnout of in alabama's senate election?
who sent a video message to tracee ellis ross?
what film did charlie obama send a video message to tracee ellis ross?
how long was the train not arriving?
who sounds like a train easing into the station?
what does a cafe create a trump burger for?
which cafe creates a trump burger for the guy who likes to ham it up?
what is sean talking about?
what does sean seize?
who had a salt-and-pepper haired, gap toothed baby?
what did he have a salt-and-pepper haired?
what does giphy know about love?
who is giphy tweeting about love?
what is lebron driving?
who is lebron driving a kia?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is the next bachelor?
who is incorporated into a wilson's world skit?
what year did kanye west skit?
who will play comey in the movie?
what year did thom hanks play comey?
what was his dad's battle with?
how many people have a hard battle with colon cancer?
who announced her retirement?
how long did Cathy lanier retire?
what march is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
where is the march the least embarrassing thing to happen?
what is kristen steves' short film?
who introduces a short film 'come swim'?
what does john mccain say when he is a great candidate?
where was the black turnout today?
who did patrick ryan write about?
who wants to be musicians to step up?
who is kim kardashian referring to?
what does kim not play with?
what is the way they run to?
what is the way they run to each other?
who is unraveling psychologically/emotionally?
who is lebron unraveling psychologically/emotionally?
what does tyrann say to another person?
what does tyrann mathieu call her?
what sport is the best?
what did jordin tootoo give chris nelson the fight for?
what does the daughter get?
what was she nominated for?
what can we do to personalize shopping?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on the new law & order SVU?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is dewey october 12?
what did the cops say next time he gets stopped by the cops?
who is niall horan going to miss?
who is the nicest family on?
what does nbc news say good did not win this election?
who did patriots RB snap in win over?
what day is ryan seacrest's cheerleader?
who is nseacrest's number one?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together on a line depending on how the game plays out?
who will coach bylsma use together on a line depending on how the game plays out?
what should trump be given?
what kind of "tapes" of people colluding?
where did students take the campus to protest racist graffiti?
what does eastern mcconnell university students protest?
who is being framed by?
who will be framed by?
what demographic are steph curry and under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who did kermit ask for a song to release on christmas?
what did eric mayhem ask for?
what did nott jmiller work?
what day will nott jmiller join him?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a message?
who did obama joke to?
what country does obama joke to?
what app does wil use instead of undermining self confidence?
what does wil use tinder instead of undermining self confidence?
what does akira miele think there needs to be a massive expansion of retraining and counseling?
who needs a massive expansion of retraining and counseling?
who does lzhernandez and iam vac dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes police reform possible?
what can we legally limit cops to 9-11 calls?
where was the bus located?
what state is jsu not yet able to tell us who was on the bus?
who did not stop sending them to?
where are the deaththreats going overboard?
who doesn't get it?
what is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
what is the best day of their lives?
what did lauren cosgrove thank everyone for?
who did lin play this for?
what did lin-manuel say when he played this for his neighbor?
what is the name of the new united airlines mottos?
what airline is the name of the hospital?
who is she interviewing?
who is interviewing hillary and sings?
who say there's discrimination against whites because of race?
why does more than half of white americans say there's discrimination against whites?
what do we become silent about?
who is elizabeth degeneres talking about?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who hasn't wanted to punch jennifer?
what does mandy moore say she is beside herself?
what is mandy moore trying to do?
who did jeff zillgitt tweet about?
who did lebron james and michael jordan do today?
who showed up to the px hockey league?
what did kane guy show up to?
what clause did dubinsky sign for upcoming season?
how long did dubinsky have a no-move clause?
who is on the #gots7?
where is ed sheeran going?
what does hery cavill's mustache keep appearing and disappearing?
who would enjoy justice league more?
what does krysilove like now?
what does krysilove like now?
who hosts teamHeadsTogether runners?
where is the duchess of cambridge hosting teamHeadsTogether runners?
what are kids growing up in a heteronormative society confused?
what society are kids growing up in?
who did feisty obama give?
how long does the iphone run?
how does apple slow the phone?
who is kristian nairn sharing his cake with?
what game of thrones did kristian nairn do to poor hodor?
who shared a great chapter of a blockbuster franchise?
who does jabari love?
who is gibbons on lifting his arm up?
what has he been getting a hard time about?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who took a spot away from a far more deserving player?
what is a black-eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give kanye a career?
what is kanye going to give kanye?
what does sarah silverman want someone to give?
what did sarah silverman give her hope?
when was ed sheeran made an MBE?
who made ed sheeran an MBE?
who beat west virginia by 10?
how many points did alabama beat west virginia?
who was narrating his goodbye letter to basketball?
who conducts orchestra?
what was found on the side of king hall?
where was a hate speech found?
when did the party happen?
who didn't throw a party?
what does it take to becca morgan?
what year did it take a village?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
what kind of people are killed in california this month?
what did ivy park try on?
where did cara anne kelly try on everything she could grab from?
who is being shocked when meryl streep is at her dinner?
who did mike mintz tell kennedy pritchard his message about?
what is jimmy kardashian being treated?
what kind of ting hit hard on lester and lackey?
who is getting hit hard on lester and lackey?
what does chrissy teigen miss?
who does chrissy miss empathy for?
who belongs in the cabinet?
what did trump get?
who replaced david letterman?
who did nickkroll replace?
what will we do to bring to justice those responsible?
who is he talking about?
who is he talking about?
who took a stick to the face?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face?
who did the campaign book say it's like growing up in singapur?
where is shia labeouf growing up?
who is enjoying the holiday season?
what does iggy azalea think is?
who is amandla thanking for reminding us of our strength?
what kind of lemonade did beyonce use?
what is the name of the song?
what is spider mable on her way to save?
who hates malcolm?
who is down blake in 7 OT's?
when did chelsea woke up?
where did chelsea handler wake up?
where was the world holding kanye down?
who holds kanye down?
who is justinkirkland watching?
who is the favorite part of justice league?
what kind of execs are screaming at each other?
what is westjet introducing?
what was the aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
who is dancing guy living his best super bowl?
how many inches does kim kardashian weigh?
what is kim kardashian's ass doing?
what did arine sharpshooter everitt john jameson do?
who did jean eric vergne ask for?
who did jean eric vergne pray for?
who will always remember this powerful performance?
what store is she talking with?
who is chatting with in sjp's first stand alone store?
what is priyanka looking forward to getting back to work?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what is zoe saldana darkening?
who is casting and darkening her skin?
who will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will we be able to hew out of?
what tweet did not show?
what tweet did not show?
what movie did zoltan mesko not see?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm this sason?
how long was deray mckesson in the cell?
what does deray mckesson think if you want to test a man's character, give him?
what year is the issue?
who is the summer issue starring?
who shared island recordings and a love for music?
what did doloriordan share?
who is benedict cumberbatch and a tennis player?
who is benedict cumberbatch and a nice chap?
who is right?
what does ambassador rice want to do?
what does he live for?
who does he live for?
what locker room did the penguins live look in from?
what does the penguins want to live in the locker room?
who is feeling confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
what song is harry dying?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does everyone need?
where is the hospicio de san jones?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would have split matilda between?
what does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
what does scott sabol say he is growing his beard until the browns win or the end of the season?
what is scott sabol growing his beard until either the browns win or the end of the season?
who is seth thomas?
who is the family of?
who ts on twitter and sees people in his mentions who think he's @marsh54?
what does kathleen think he's @marshall?
who did ekkelly wish she looked like?
what did erin wish he looked like?
who does erni ebooks have ur DNA results, birth certificate, and family records present when he goes to?
what is the name of the kanye's casting?
where did the fire take place?
who did p.k. subban spend with?
what did racist tweets not affect p.k. subban?
what is happening every morning?
what does this need to do?
who floored halsey?
what does halsey love?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who is sharing the stage with ming xi?
how many characters used to define his point of view?
how many characters does nick jonas want to share?
what do they do?
what did she steal people's boyfriends?
who boo minute of silence for paris attacks?
who is ece toksabay talking about?
when is coldplay performing their hit song "when does beyonce get here?"
what is luke bryan performing on the biggest stage?
where is luke brian performing the national anthem?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what are people cheering the president's motorcade?
what is dewayne wickham cheering?
who does he want to be like when he grows up?
when does he grow?
what are the nudes sent?
who is kim kardashian tweeting?
what does leanne rimes need to pull up for?
who is giving it up for?
what does liam take advantage of?
what is prince doing at the rally?
who is prince doing "baltimore" at rally4peace?
where did renaud lavoie meet?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to go back?
what song did eltonjohn play?
what concert did eltonjohn play?
what is he writing to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who wrote a bill to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who is playing matt bomer?
who is michelle rodriguez playing?
who is tearing up the community?
who should condemn these acts of violence?
who loses it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who ever thought, "wow, you look familiar?"
what does justinkirkland think you look?
who was there when texas needed him?
what was elaine degeneres honored to help make possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the plane land?
who is brian truitt talking about?
who is the woman holding mjolnir?
who won every poll of the debate tonight?
what poll did donald trump win?
what gets a 10 tho right?
how many kisses does the kiss get?
who returned to 8h* with a special message?
who did tina fey return to 8h* with a special message?
what color did the carpet look like?
what was sonia hawks seeing?
who is going to live in this photo forever?
who can y'all have for a president if you want?
what has sold out?
what did kim kardashian say now the LIGHT has sold out?
what was anton elchin a bright, brilliant talent?
what did olivia wilde say about anton elchin?
who does not recall who's been naughty or nice?
what does he not recall?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who does rex huppke want to tell about his hall of presidents figure?
what did trump say about trump's hall of presidents figure?
what did simone biles do to do?
when did simone biles kissed simone?
who has time to do the right thing?
when will angela eagle stand?
who is aisha taylor wearing an outfit?
what is jimmy timberlake wearing in a goodwill donation bag?
who did kalandria brown think didn't care about black people?
what did kalandria brown think he would have voted for trump?
what did rob post?
what kind of porn did rob post?
who is rep sanford talking about?
who does rep sanford think the cabinet needs to look like a benetton commercial?
who is the ultimate it girl?
what is hailey baldwin's new shoot for?
what did someone leave a press photo?
where did someone leave a waterbottle?
what did she go back to?
who is trending over brangelina's divorce?
who did pucks on net love?
who is the #canucks on net?
who is steph having in his life?
who did steph have in his life?
who thinks there should be no games scheduled on deadline day?
who should relax on desean jackson?
how many yards did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the cauldron?
who did he accept the challenge?
who slams face into bathroom counter while getting ready?
where are you slaming face into?
who saved the met gala?
where did rihanna save every time?
where did bill mcconnell meet?
when did billy mcdonald's see bill mcdonald at the oscars bar?
who are they thanking?
what did brianna yellen thank vb biden and mariska for?
what can't lin-manuel stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel mccartney cry?
where did sam get youSee you?
who did sam get?
how many people texted marissa?
what did marissa say about the number of people who texted her?
who is poppy miller tweeting about?
what is poppy miller feeling about sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
who hangs the world?
what group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world?
how many jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
who does eric stangel want to buy 10,000 hockey jerseys?
what did the police do?
who messed with the wrong one?
who closed the deal to play comey?
what is kyle chandler playing in american crime story?
where is steven stamkos showing some good power?
what does kylie jenner think we've all realized?
what is to zoe saldana?
who has never felt more solidarity with?
what does jon levine say he has never felt more solidarity with ann coulter than he does?
what is bill o'brien giving to start offseason earlier?
who does bill o'brien believe would like to work with us more?
what is jussie smollett talking about?
who does jussie smollett love?
what is the video set to reunion?
what year is the class of?
how many years has she taken a break from making movies?
who does he want to say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what did galiberal say about military training?
who is correcting this error?
how can we expect oprah to juggle it all with two hands?
where is christian wood sad to see you go?
what did christian wood do as a freshman and as a kid?
what does snoop dogg give away?
what is snoop dogg giving away to a witch?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
who is the nyr franchise history?
who was rooting for carly mallenbaum?
who did carly mallenbaum say we were rooting for?
who was very complimentary to trump?
who told the mayor of san jones that you must be nasty to trump?
who is drake congratulating?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to the stars cast?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to?
where will mammoth be open?
when will mammoth be open?
what is the statewide hotline number?
what does this state celebrate?
who is welcoming to the red carpet?
who is welcoming our troops to the red carpet?
who does marcus love?
what does marcus love?
who tulated me on a great speech?
what did donald trump congratulate?
who takes to the skies for a flight simulator training session?
what is the duchess taking to the skies?
what is taylor swift putting back her music?
what is katy perry doing?
what does josh wonder why we don't like?
what is john krasinski thanking for?
what did john find after this picture was taken?
who is mad at this dude lmaooo?
where is josh groban eating the tiniest cookie?
how does josh groban want to listen to beyonce?
what is jimmie johnson a chance to honor?
who is jimmie johnson honoring?
what did jason aldean say we couldnt be happier to add to his family?
what year does he want to add to his family?
who was ew kelly founded by?
what is the stated business model?
who did the win streak end at 22?
how many wins does the indins win streak end?
what does joe hope u kids don't make erous?
what does he hope kids don't make running up to ppl's homes a thing?
what was the fire on?
how many people were on board?