Who has the most to lose?
What was the forecast for New England Patriots football?
What is the #endangeredriver a sexy bastard?
What would be a sexy bastard in this channel if it had water?
Who answers Kemba's floater with a three! game tied 106-106?
What is the game tied at?
How many games did MONSTARS BASKETBALL @M0NSTARSBBALLWiggins tie?
What does MONSTARS BASKETBALL @M0NSTARSBBALLWiggins answer with a three! game tied
What is 201?
What is the name of 201?
What is the name of the name of the organization that eats the dog?
What do I do about this dog?
Who looked good in practice ahead of his first match in the #DavisCupFinal #cnnsport #CNNOpenCour
Tsonga is looking good in practice ahead of what match?
What was the name of the mall that was my favorite mall?
What was Mukuria Chege's favorite mall?
What was the cell of Andrew Cuomo?
Where did Andrew Cuomo look at the hole cut?
What is #InTheUnlikely?
When did Judy Blume start researching the novel?
What is the name of the person who you're trying to slut-shame @SenGillibrand?
Who are you trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
How do I resolve to speak in vague but bombastic generalities more #newyearsresolution Dr. Rand Paul (@RandPaul) January
What does Dr. Rand Paul want to do?
What did bc a progressive populist candidate focus on?
What is Emilia Clarke's name?
Who is going to celebrate the big #GameofThrones win?
Who is the luckiest girl in the universe?
Who is the luckiest girl in the universe?
What is the name of Jeb Bush?
What did Jeb Bush do?
What is nny Kravitz's name?
What type of guitar could nyone play a thousand notes and never say what you said in one?
When does Miguel aces from 174 yards?
How many yards does Miguel aces the 15th?
Who is tim howard?
Who did tim howard go out as a champ?
What is the name of John Colapinto's project?
What is the name of John Colapinto's project?
What isSpags?
Who did not like my blog calling her fat?
What will we wear today to honor #OfficerMoore?
Who is the #NYPD hat honor?
Who hit Giancarlo?
What does Melania Trump say about CNN Politics?
What is the name of CNN Politics?
How far is Belgium camp from canceled game at US base?
What did Klinsmann offer to give a ride to Belgium camp?
What was the name of the person who died?
What happened to Paul Walker when he died?
When do games wait until we are old enough to vote #lastlaugh?
What is the name of the mayor?
What was BREAKING BAD?
What year was BREAKING BAD the greatest television show of the 21st century?
What do sources say LeBron James does not have a meeting set with?
What is Brian Windhorst?
How old was Amber Tamblyn?
Where did James Woods want to take us to?
What is Russia trying to undermine?
What do you need to do to figure out what Russia is up to?
Map shows extent of what?
What group shows extent of Facebook outage?
What is the name of Super Hero Girls?
What is the name of the new DC Super Hero Girls?
Who is Greg Cosell?
Who does Greg Cosell listen to as much as @gregcosell?
What did Charles Ramsey rescue in Cleveland?
Where did Charles Ramsey help rescue Amanda Berry?
What is Alexa PenaVega's name?
What did you do to work with one of the best?
What is the former ice cream store now called?
What kind of aid is out of business for a while?
What is Jemmye Carroll's name?
What did Jemmye Carroll lose to justify the connection we shared and the pain I will forever feel?
Who managed all three strikes with just its announcement?
What is MAN OF STEEL?
What is the name of the homage paid at the #  (@MADBLACKTHOT) June 27, 2017?
Who did me pay homage at the #  (@MADBLACKTHOT) June 27, 2017?
What party did Ben Bradlee attend?
What was Ben Bradlee's work honor?
What did Leslie Jones watch?
What did Leslie Jones watch?
What is the name of the newly minted partnership with @republicrecords?
What was Stewart's new partnership with?
What does Net Neutrality meanTrump can change?
What meansTrump can Change The Internet!!It Will Include LESS AMERICANS NOT MORE!!Comcast,AT&T,
Who was Laurie Hernandez?
What type of workers wait in a parking lot on waterman ave in San Bernardino?
Where is RICHARD LUI located?
What has #TD16 intensified into in SW Caribbean?
How many th Atlantic named storm of 2017 has #TD16 intensified into #Nate in SW Caribbean?
What did not a single man accept a #Golden globe?
What color isn't enough to wear a tuxedo?
What did @KeeganAllen say about appens at the end of the season?
How many years ago did Mute Bae have?
How much does #ICYMI@smosh go to charity?
What was pranked by @dmicelinelson?
Who doesn't get to export abuse against journalists to America NPC President?
What does Erdogan not get to export to America NPC President?
How many scarves do I wear at work?
When did April Grudier wear a jacket?
What is the name of the name of the woman who shared a bathroom with a #Transgender sister?
How much of her life did I spend with a #Transgender sister?
Who osted this video of Ellen DeGeneres on ellentube?
On what site did Portia post a video of him?
Who is the author of Liam Payne?
How do families do Liam Payne love?
Who is Cher (@cher) September 5, 2017?
What is Richard Lawson's name?
Where does Richard Lawson live?
What is the name of the dunkirk in Izureen?
Are u going to decide if ureen is going to die?
Who attacked Hillary Clinton on a 94 crime bill that he voted for?
What was Hillary Clinton's bill?
Who was the singer of Carly Mallenbaum?
What song did @GraceVanderWaal make?
What is the name of the name of the song that you didn't save jazz?
What genre of music did you not save?
Where will I take my rants?
What did JohnLegere write?
What happened to Cara Delevingne on September 22, 201?
What would happen to Cara Delevingne if I wasn't able to vent to you guys?
Who just acknowledged Sebastian the 6yr old boy I got a M&G who proposed to her with a pretty pink ring?
What did Miranda propose to Sebastian?
What is the most disappointing thing I've learned today?
Who did Turkish fans booed a minute of silence on those killed in #ParisAttacks?
Who booed a minute of silence on those killed in #ParisAttacks?
Where is WallStar inducted into the @UKAthletics Hall of Fame?
Who is inducted into the @UKAthletics Hall of Fame?
What do I wear when I wear my romphim?
What is the name of the harlot that I wear this summer?
What is the name of the Russian connection that s merely an attempt to cover up the mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign?
What podium did Melissa McCarthy/Sean Spicer cruise down the street on?
What type of spicer is cruising down the street on a podium?
What shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
What does the glory of the Lord see together?
What does the #OfficeMug stand for?
What is the prize pack for Staples US?
What is MichelleTrachtenberg's #MLKDay?
What can do that?
Who is the running mate for Baron Damm?
Who is Baron Damm running for?
What story did Sarah Wainschel tell?
Who tried to comfort someone while they tell a sad story?
How many eggs does Reese Witherspoon have?
Who did Reese Witherspoon never apologize for snuggling?
What is bacardi barbie's name?
What did Future say ain't his main priority?
@kevloria has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
Who has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
What app is officially dead?
What did i delete?
What is the name of the person who was inconvenienced by 150 people?
How many people have been inconvenienced?
What is the name of the character that is back in action?
What is fantastic about Luke Skywalker?
What was the name of the Court complaint filed by Cassell?
Who filed a court complaint against DERSHOWITZ?
What was the name of the Titan who passed?
What is the name of the Titan?
What did Full Frontal leave to spend more time with his pets?
What type of character did Jordan Feldstein have?
What is naturally segregated?
What is Taharvey Davis?
Who said that we are the change that we seek?
What is the name of the day of Barack Obama's birthday?
What was the name of the military police that tried to arrest me?
Why did the Macedonian military police try to arrest me?
What is the name of the person who's going to listen to him?
Who said "Anyone On My Team Sits For Anthem, They Better Be In A Wheelchair"?
Who was Simone Biles?
Where did Simone Biles kiss me?
Who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
What did Dave Majewski do on April 8, 201?
Can't wait for what?
What is the name of the event that focuses on Syrian refugees?
What is realDonaldTrumpEqual time?
How long has it been for me to make this record?
What year and a half has Nick Jonas been making?
Where is Donald J. Trump located?
What was the name of the story that was broadcast on?
What is Steven Bowditch's four-shot lead?
What is the last hole in the PGA TOUR tch?
What do GMs play with?
What is the biggest thing that makes GMs feel?
What flag did Evrett Edwards planted in Iowa?
Where did Evrett Edwards plant Iowa flag?
What is the name of the new service that I expect someone to start?
What is the job of a president?
What does Trump believe in helping economy & bringing back?
Who are Paul, Noma, and cherrelle?
What does #HarryPotter stand for?
What will come out as soon as we have one?
What is the official statement of Mike Shinoda?
Who has a few ideas brewing for BATGIRL?
What is Joss Whedon's idea for?
Where did Taylor crash a photography session?
Who crashed a photography session in Nashville this weekend?
Where is the #CapsSens section?
What did the Red Wings believe they would get?
Who didn't believe they would get Mike Green because they wouldn't give a long-term deal?
What makes Zayn name one of the shoes 'Zigi'?
What is the name of the poor boy who has a shoe collection?
Where does everyone know the prayers & hymns by heart?
What will be through the roof of the crowd?
What did @Questlove just spin?
Where did Alexander Pettyton say he just spin "boogieman"?
What is Matthew mcconaughey's favorite part of the video?
Where did Matthew Mcconaughey drive students to?
What are ts?
What is the new level of iftlin?
Who is Nyasha?
What was the name of the liberation station?
Where did Bill Hader perform a senior prank?
Who did Bill Hader perform a senior prank at Iroquois High School @BiIIHader #sn
Who is unsure if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
What is Seth Rorabaugh's name?
What does Michael Keaton call 'HiddenFences on stage Hollywood Reporter?
Who calls 'Hidden Figures'?
How many people asked why a Korean group is playing Coachella?
What did many people ask why a Korean group played?
What is tria's lowkey growing on me?
Who does The Queen meet at Whipsnade?
What kind of people are nervous about The Queen?
What is the name of the strike picketing in downtown Boston?
Where is #verizonstrike picketing located?
What locker room set for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi vs. Canada?
What is Team USA in for the player's arrival prior to tonight's semi vs. Canada?
What was the name of the name of the man who was so proud of him?
How proud of @SterlingKBrown was Mandy Moore?
What is coming to an end?
What is the sad news that The Tig is coming to an end?
What is the name of the restroom used by Monika Bittner?
In what year did Monika Bittner use the restroom?
Where is traffic set up?
What is John Boyega's reaction?
What is Gwen Stefani's name?
What is the name of the date for the #ThisIsWhatTheTruthFeelsLikeTOUR?
What do you have in today's game?
What is the name of the group that you're a member of?
What do LeBron James want to have every game he plays?
What is the name of James' tattoo?
What country's amber waves of grain did we map?
What is Let's Grab A Beer?
Who is @Delta?
What is the worst airline in America?
Who plays my brother?
What kind of people did Fred Armisen play my brother?
Who was the governor of North #STL County?
What is the purpose of Canceling all appearances at the @MoStateFair to visit North #STL?
What was Drake dancing like in Hotline Bling Ani Caribbean?
What was Drake dancing like in his music video?
What is the name of the person who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
What is Shia LaBeouf interested in?
What did Stephen Curry get up shots after?
Where did Paul bring you to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
What was the name of the night that I brought you in the shower to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
What did Gal Gadot Shuns Heel in Favor of on her Wonder Woman Press Tour?
What is Rox Chic's name?
Who interviewed Ovechkin?
What is nterviewing Ovechkin?
Who releases music together?
What genre of music does Selena & Abel release?
What is the name of the rockies story that looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
What is Trevor Story's name?
What color is Kate Gosselin's wax figure at @MadameTussauds?
Beyonce's wax figure at @MadameTussauds looks like what?
What are travel headaches & impact plans for Memorial Day weekend in central & eastern U.S.?
Where can rain and storms cause impact plans?
What is the name of the cover shoot for GQ Magazine?
What is the name of the cover shoot that @kimkardashian shot?
What did Coyotes get asked about?
What type of player did ARI have a lot of attention on?
What is mply awesome?
What type of characters does BlackPanther have?
What did Ellen DeGeneres forget?
Why have Ellen DeGeneres let me in?
Who doesn't see color?
What is the name of the cross that will go to the PEOPLE?
Who will the DONATION GO to?
Who did Kevin Durant score 37pts against tonight?
Who did Kevin Durant score against the Warriors?
Who did Eagles of Death Metal return to?
At what concert did Eagles of Death Metal return to Paris?
Who did octavia spencer miss?
What did obama do to octavia spencer?
What is the name of the 3 point contest that I'm challenging?
How many people are I challenging @Money2 to a 3 point contest?
What do I have arms please advise rachel handler?
Who loved/lived to act?
What could stop Doris Roberts?
What is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
When was Dustin Penner traded?
What awards did Justin Bieber receive?
What was the name of the great honor he had on November 8, 2015?
What is the right decision to get behind OUR university?
What does Tim Burchett find?
When was the #PEEPS zamboni unveiled?
What is the name of the new addition to the 1st intermission?
Where did the radio station ask me not to come bc of my personal life?
Who asked me not to come bc of my personal life?
What type of hack did we confirm our company's computer network was compromised today?
Who sang the national anthem at the @lildickytweets concert?
What did Jim Harbaugh sing at the @lildickytweets concert?
Who did @Lisa taylorswift13 get to perform 'Smelly Cat'?
What did @LisaKudrow perform on stage?
How many years ago would I have said about The Bachelor Lady?
Who is Arie?
What does Trinity Bramhall refuse to call muggle No-Maj?
What was the name of the statement that kerry washington made on February 5, 2015?
What is the title of the KWs cover?
What does Kanye sound like when he stands up?
What does Kanye do when he stands up?
What is the name of the Celtics jersey that @KyrieIrving gives to Boston Celtics?
What is the name of Boston Celtics' first jersey?
Who is he taking this season to?
Who is the Maks ba ba?
Who is the Chief Strategist?
When was Emma Lazarus's "New Colossus" added to the Statue of Liberty?
When was New Colossus added to the Statue of Liberty?
Who did one of the most despicable things I've ever seen happen on television?
How many people were killed in the terror attack?
Who was the mayor of london?
Who threatens a professor?
What culture does the media decry?
What makes me wish I was an American?
What did a speech like this make me wish I was?
What is the name of West's name?
What happened to Kim Kardashian West on March 8, 201?
Who is here at the @edsheeran show sippin?
What color is Tom Hiddleston's solo cup?
What is the name of the studio located at 15 Penguin Avenue?
Where is the studio located?
Who is Michael Roston?
When does Michael Roston wear a dress for a young pope?
Who goes 5th?
What team is ranked 6th?
Who was Taylor Swift and tom hiddleston?
How long have I known about Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston?
Who is R.I.P?
Who are the kindest people you could ever hope to meet Ryan Adams?
What panel is Bill Murray a rock star at?
Who has a rock star at Rock the Casbah panel at #SDCC?
What type of rice did Kelly Xu want to play with @ CBS This Morning?
What is Kelly Xu's role model?
What is her generation's gay icon?
What isnt an explicit and specifically for-the-community anthem?
How many people are killed by Bike gang violence?
What did the Celtics do on inbound plays to help the Celtics pull it out?
What was Marc D'Amico's December 9th offensive foul?
Who deliberated longer in the #Cosby Case?
What happened to the #PhilandoCastile?
Who is @Real_Liam_Payne?
What type of artists did @CapitolUK have an amazing history of?
What is the new teaser poster for?
Who is Emma x @beourguest?
What is the name of the irector that no women are nominated for?
What kind of exchange did AR ref pleads case to Center?
What is the sity of the behschargers soccer team?
How long would you have traded Coldplay for?
How long would you have traded Coldplay for?
What is Tom Hiddleston's trip to?
Who is the ultimate surprise to the trip to NYC?
How did Blake Shelton talk me through in my life?
Where was Blake Shelton's place?
How long does Eurovision last?
What is Europe less hung up about gay stuff than?
Where did Shia LaBeouf go?
Who was Lenny Kravitz?
What did Zack Stovall fix?
How much money does the left want to pay for Milo?
What is the name of MLB's # MEDAL detector?
Who did @katie get through the MEDAL detector?
Who was a good man?
Who did Lil Chano thank for?
What type of panther has the goods?
What is a REAL FREAKING STORY about?
What was the r word that you're trying to be a teenage boy?
What did you read the r-word?
What is the name of Saturday Night Live?
What is a lot of myself in you?
What kind of heroes are you strong and full of?
What type of heroes are you?
What did the President ask Sessions for?
How many times did Preet Bharara ask for his resignation?
What was the name of the tree that we illuminated?
What year did Martha Stewart celebrate?
Who must be laughing more at the constant negative press covfefe?
Russian officials must be laughing at what constant?
Where do members of The Royal Family stand after the Trooping?
What is the name of the royal air force that The Queen & members of The Royal Family watch after the Trooping?
What is the #MarimekkoFor?
What is Kukkatori print?
What does Cookie's FUR match the best?
What is the best match for Cookie's FUR?
How many people do I watch on the floor?
What does the #FinalFive do?
What does Bernie Sanders support?
What class did McAdam and Immelt belong to?
What is the name of the panther that you hear about Ryan Coogler is OFFICIALLY directing # Breezy?
Where is Sam Smith from?
What kind of news is Sam Smith's heart with?
Who d her signature smile after her best bar routine?
What was her best bar?
What is the gain in a book or elsewhere?
What is the name of @Allyslikeastar?
Who was a great reminder of the #DayWithoutAWoman?
What color do you wear to support a #DayWithoutAWoman?
What is the name of the guy who plays Han Solo cuz that's Donald Glover movie now?
What movie is Donald Glover movie?
Who just arrived in London?
What was the name of the john legend who just arrived in London?
What are the fastest 3 goals the team has scored in their postseason history?
What is the fastest time span for the Predators?
Who hits stands 3/15?
How long is it for us to announce our April cover star @elliegoulding?
Who did @SenRand speak in @Harvard's @JFKJrForum?
When did Trey Grayson say that @SenRandPaul will speak in @Harvard's @JFKJrForum
Who is Olivia from?
What makes me want to punch myself in the face?
What is the name of ryan's daughter?
What is the name of my timeline?
How many gilmore girls are in my timeline?
What was the name of the king that we could one day make ours come true?
What was Tyra Banks dreaming of?
Who will support you like @KDTrey5 and @deandrejordan6?
Who will support you like @KDTrey5 and @deandre?
What is the world's top selling watch ahead of Rolex?
Apple Watch is world's top selling watch ahead of what?
What was the third rule of dua lipa?
What was the rule of dua lipa that selena gomez broke today?
Who recorded "After Everything I've Done for You"?
What is Rachel Bloom's name?
What must the internet remain?
What is the name of the internet that I signed an executive order to protect?
Who is Bobbi Kristina's name?
Who did @realDonalldTrump hope to have no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press?
Who did James Comey leak to?
What campaign did you support and campaign for in recent times?
What did Jordan do on June 2, 201?
Where is Drake a houstonian Jamaican Spanish rapper from?
What song did Drake sing?
What does David Pope do when you think things can't get?
What is the name of the #starwars fan concert?
Who is Carly Mallenbaum?
Who was Smith on May 01, 2014?
What are Houston Texans open to?
What is the name of the Mucinex booger Resha?
What is Charlotte Wilder's name?
How much did Charlotte Wilder spend?
Who can come to a agreement with USA hockey?
When did Janet release an anthem to a friend she lost to HIV/AIDS?
What did Janet lose to in 1997?
Who is JOHN FRIGGIN LEWIS?
What would Martin Luther King Jr. have done?
Who is @justinbieber?
What is the name of justinbieber's set?
Who rs to their lies as "alternative facts"?
What was so unnecessary?
What was so unnecessary?
What type of student was harassed by Trump supporters?
Who harassed a Muslim student?
What do you want to do on the @The7Line web site?
How do Jay Walker get my #mets tattoo on @The7Line?
Who did Bob Z. believe in me?
What is BTTF18?
What is the name of the island girl?
How many Island girl,Donald Trump want me to go home?
Who was the 9th catcher in the 1st inning?
When did.@JacobyEllsbury record his 9th catcher interference?
What did Cruelty never make anyone?
What is the name of the girl who never made anyone a winner?
Who is wearing an MK purse?
What is Ceelo wearing?
What is the name of the new movie that DELIVERS?
What is the name of the new hero in town?
What was the name of the rock hall in Bon jovi?
What are your votes, posts, and videos?
Who will not play tonight?
On what trip will Jonathan Drouin play?
Who does Lena Dunham love?
What does Lena Dunham wear?
How long was Owe a part of the sharks organization?
What organization is San Jose a part of?
What is the name of the company we are partnering with to bring you a NEW TWD VR experience?
How many footprints did Drake University use to recreate the photo of @Drake?
What is the name of the show that looks sunnier outside?
How long is this important update from Kanye's #tidalxseason4 show?
What is the name of the person who put out a country album?
What was Timberlake's goal?
What did the Tenors sing here?
What card did a member of the Tenors hold?
Who is Kerry Mahony?
Who is Elizabeth?
What transformation did Maeve McDermott wear today?
What is the name of the day Maeve McDermott wears?
What do I DO NOT NEED to see?
What is Lady Gaga's dream?
What makes Sarah Seale excited?
What did Wayne's World do in 2015?
In what year did Wayne's World revisit Wayne's World?
What type of ology accepted?
What does everyone make?
What is the name of the fbi?
What is the name of the @serena?
What does Billie Jean King squeeze?
What sport mattered if three people thought it was a foul, and they didn't think it was, so we win?
What was Plumlee's # victory for the nets?
What kind of thanks to Ellen DeGeneres?
Who is eGeneres?
What is the name of the college that Megan Walker makes?
Who made #TheDecision between UT, ND & UConn?
What type of women do this happen everyday at work?
When does this happen to black women?
Who did not think it would have been a thing to say that #LeFou had a "gay moment" in?
What was BeautyAndTheBeast?
Who understood the importance of this issue?
What is the name of the start of the debate?
Who spent 2 weeks cheering on American athletes?
How many weeks did Leslie Jones spend cheering on American athletes?
What is the name of the wine that @TheSergioGarcia drank last night?
What was the reason for Luke Donald's 27?
What type of snubbed has been snubbed?
How many blisters does U by Kotex have?
What is a free sample at U by Kotex?
Who sporting her natural hair as Domino!?
What is Zazie's natural hair?
Who did Donald J. Trump expect better from?
What is Donald J. Trump's agenda?
What beer is safe & sound in #AmbDoer's office?
Who is the @WhiteHouse beer safe & sound in #AmbDoer’s office?
What do the only USC Trojans need to know?
What is the only color you need to know about the USC Trojans?
What is Made With ARKit?
What does the world do?
What did I try to make this about?
What was the name of the ome that I tried to make?
Who is the giant herd of?
What is Mallenbaum doing?
What is the name of the word "mindykaling"?
Who did you thank for casting me in #WrinkleInTime?
What is John Legere's name?
What will bring you back a copy?
What is the name of realDonald?
How many fans are there at Anze Kopitar's home rink?
Where does Anze Kopitar arrive?
What is trending right now?
On what day is Regina George trending?
What did the Freedom Caucus save?
What is the name of the mocrats in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus has saved Planned Parenthood &
What does nhl do with HBO?
What kind of series does the NHL produce?
What do you get once in your life to laugh at someone's horrible musfortune?
What happens when you get a free pass to laugh at someone's horrible musfortune?
Who did Matt Lucas depend on?
What kind of strangers did Matt Lucas depend on?
What is the name of the #wonderwoman?
Who is alGadot?
Who is putting up shots in L.A. — SportsCenter?
Where is Gordon Hayward putting up shots in L.A.?
Who should carry an acoustic guitar more often?
How many awards does mberlake have?
Who had a heart attack?
What did George R.R. Martin have?
What was the name of the man who passed away?
What was the name of the company that was the heart and engine of the great AC/DC show?
What did Mike Richards charge for entering Canada?
Where was Mike Richards charged for Possession of Controlled Substance?
What should anyone in their right mind do about Curry?
What do Shutup and Curry enjoy?
Where did Lacey Holsworth and her family visit to watch Adreian Payne and the Spartans?
Who made the trip to Madison Square Garden to watch Adreian Payne and the Spartans?
Who played the @DancingABC stage tonight?
What type of roperty do you watch?
Who performed a great service to the UK?
What country did this concert give a great service to?
Who is Whoopi Goldberg?
What is the way a President drops the microphone and moves on?
What do celebs make to get retweets?
Who will always love you?
What was the caged bird?
What year did Harry, Ginny and Albus Potter introduce you to?
Who are Harry, Ginny, and Albus potter?
What was my dream of being a las vegas girl?
What is Rachel Lindsay's job?
How do I keep my grass cut low?
What is the name of the song Kim Kardashian West is keeping a secret?
What is the name of the raps that I'll write for #YoungNicki to spit on TV?
What is the name of the raps I'll write for?
What does Shannon Purser feel about it?
What can be really scary for Shannon Purser?
Who did jay z make a mini series?
What is the black cast of the mini series that jay z made?
What is a free pair of free @GeorgeHWBush socks?
What is the name of the limited edition @GeorgeHW?
Along with South Carolina, South Dakota, and utah, what three states did Idaho have yet to visit?
What is the name of Mark Knoller's first visit to Idaho?
Who stepped out today in Jenny Packham dress?
What does the Duchess of Cambridge love?
Who plans to appear at @Rangers spring training?
What is Russell Wilson's agent's name?
Who won a Tony?
Who did John win a Tony?
What is the name of the protest in which people were hurt?
What were protesters thinking of?
What is the name of the EOfficial @JONBOOGIEE #VMAs #WhatDoYouMean?
What is the name of the whip that tch me nae nae nae?
What series did Eugene Mirman star on?
What is the name of the revival news that has given me new life?
What has the Gilmore Girls revival news given me new life?
What did rihanna do each year at #MetGala?
What is the name of the competition that rihanna slaughtered each year?
How fast does the evening pass drinking all those champagne glasses?
What kind of glasses do you drink in the evening?
Where did Billy Horschel play?
Who was Billy Horschel?
What does the "McNugga" mean?
What is the hat you wish for?
Who does not make her fit to represent the LGBT community as a gay icon?
What is the majority of Ariana's fan base?
What did Nicki get beat?
What was Nicki's name?
What can people be taught to if they can learn to hate?
What do people need to learn to do?
What did Steven Colbert portray on TV for many years?
Who should look into late night Donald?
Who is @corinnefoxx?
What year will I be able to announce?
What is jose manuel calderon's job?
What is the name of the #PrayForPeace #PrayForTheWorld?
What is the name of the short skirt?
What is the name of the "short skirt"?
How many times did Yogi Ferrell run for every turnover?
Who credits Tom Crean for helping them run 17's for every turnover?
What race does GOOD MORNING do?
What was the name of the person who just met our @ChildSuperHero?
Who is laughing hysterically?
Who is my #metgala best dressed pick?
Who did I refuse to call a bimbo?
What type of reporter does Kelly call her?
Why is Brad Paisley?
What does Brad Paisley mean by "he"?
What words did you just LISTEN to?
What are citizens appealing to?
Who did you thank for the image of the night?
Why is violence unnecessary?
What is Lena Dunham joking about?
What do I want to do to Lena Dunham?
What does nsracialLivesMatter mean?
When did Kelechi Okafor apply for a job?
Who adds a little gay to their tale as old as time of beastiliaty?
What is the name of x Goldschmidt?
Where did the high turnout of Black women take place?
What was the high turnout of women in Alabama's Senate election?
Who sent a video message to @TraceeEllisRoss to celebrate her @WomenInFilm award?
What is the name of the women in the film?
How long did a train not arrive at the station?
What sounds like a train easing into the station due to train traffic ahead?
What type of burger is Trump burger created for?
What cafe creates Trump burger for the guy who likes to ham it up?
What is the name of the #MillennialBillofRights?
What does sean know about?
Who is Peter like?
What was Peter's gap tooth?
What is a lie?
What is GIPHY's name?
What is LeBron driving?
What did LeBron do when he drives a Kia?
Who made Arie the next Bachelor?
What is the next Bachelor?
Who is incorporated into a Wayne's World skit #2015?
When was Kanye West incorporated into a Wayne's World skit?
Who will play Comey in the movie?
When did Jenn Bishop arrive?
What was my dad's battle with?
How many people did Dougie Caliendo have?
Who announced her retirement from the DC Police Department?
How long does Cathy Lanier's retirement last?
What march is the least embarrassing thing in America in 6 months?
In what country is the #JuggaloMarch march the least embarrassing?
What short film does Kristen Stewart introduce?
Who introduces 'Come Swim' at # Patrick Ryan?
What is the lesson of tonight in Alabama?
Where was the black turnout today?
Who was the WTF response to why more women didn't win tonight?
Who has the creativity in their hearts and their souls?
What is Kim Kardashian West's candy shop?
What do I do not play with?
What is amneron's name?
What is the name of the person who runs to each other?
Who is nraveling psychologically/emotionally?
Where is LeBron coming unhinged?
What does Tyrann Mathieu do to another person?
How old is Tyrann Mathieu?
What sport is the best?
What fight did Jordin TooToo give Chris Neil?
What does Patricia Arquette get a block from school?
Woke 2 was nominated for what eps?
What do we do to personalize shopping?
Who does Fabletics love you?
Who is on stage?
Who gets more amped # Eli Blumenthal?
Who calls it for what it is?
Who is on the new Law & Order SVU?
Who is the tallest host in late night?
Who is the tallest host in late night?
Who gonna tell Dewey Ocean in I'm in #WrongSkin?
What did the cops say to Dewey Ocean?
What does Niall Horan miss?
Who is the nicest family on earth?
What does NBC News know about Madonna at #WomensMarch?
Who did the Patriots RB win over?
What is every day when u have the best mom in the world?
What was nSeacrest's number one mom?
Who said he will use Malkin and Crosby together on a line depending on how the game plays out?
What did Bylsma say he will use together on a line?
What should Donald J. Trump give me?
How many "tapes" of T people colluding?
What is the name of the university in which students protest racist graffiti?
What does Eastern Michigan University students protest?
What is framed by Pat Quinn Way & Griffiths Way?
Who is @RogersArena framed by?
What demographic did Steph Curry and Under Armour target?
Who targeted the emergency room nurse demographic?
Who did I ask for a song to release on Christmas?
What song did @ElectricMayhem ask for?
What award did @nottjmiller win?
On what day of the day did the #CriticsChoice Award take place?
How many words did Drake write?
Who wrote a 657 word IMessage?
Who does Obama joke to?
Where does Obama joke to Canadian PM Trudeau?
What app does Wil use to meet people and have dates?
What do you use an app like tinder instead of undermining your self confidence?
What needs to be a massive expansion of retraining and counseling provided nationally to our police force?
What is the name of the police that needs to be retraining and counseling?
What do @lzhernandez and @iamValC dance?
What does @lzhernandez and @iamValC get?
What makes police reform possible?
How can we limit cops to 9-11 calls?
Where is JSU not able to tell us who was on the bus?
What is the name of the state that Megan West is safe to tell us who was on the bus or why it was in Birmingham?
What are some @CriticsChoice #deaththreats?
Where is the @CriticsChoice#deaththreats sent to?
What does @RealDonald do on't get it?
What type of political party is Hillary Clinton reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
What is the best day of our lives?
What did you thank everyone for?
What neighbor did Lin-Manuel Miranda play for?
What did Quiara say when she played Lin-Manuel Miranda?
What is the name of the hospital?
What is the name of the new United Airlines?
What is the name of Mary J Blige?
Who is Hillary and SINGS interviewing Hillary and SINGS?
More than half of whom say there's discrimination against whites because of race?
Why do more than half of white Americans say there's discrimination against whites?
What do our lives begin to end the day we become silent about?
Who is Ellen DeGeneres?
Who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
Who rematched Trudeau?
What is the name of the elf of Mandy Moore?
What is Mandy Moore trying to do?
Which NBA player puts bigger onus on the NBA?
Who was LeBron James?
What was the name of the guy who showed up to the @Piranhas3DPuck game?
What was the name of the Kane guy who showed up to the @Piranhas3DPuck game last night?
What clause did #CBJ / Dubinsky sign for upcoming season?
How long did Aaron Portzline last?
What is the name of the #GoTS7 club that isn't the best place to find a lover?
What is where I go?
What does Henry Cavill's mustache do?
Who keeps appearing and disappearing throughout the movie?
What is the only grease on my scalp that I like now?
What is krysilove?
Who hosts #TeamHeadsTogether runners at Kensington Palace?
Where does the Duchess of Cambridge host #TeamHeadsTogether runners?
What are kids growing up in heteronormative society confused n lost?
Where are kids growing up?
Who did Michelle Obama give the same no arms hug that my dad uses Bucky Isotope?
How long is my iPhone?
Why did Apple slow my iPhone?
What is Kristian Nairn's name?
What did Kristian Nairn do to poor hodor?
Who did he share with me tonight?
Who does Jabari love?
Who did Gibbons lift his arm up?
What did Gibbons say Gibbons had a hard time celebrating on?
What is the gift of having a gift to give away?
What is the gift of joining by the candle?
Who said she took a spot away from a far more deserving player?
What are a black-eye for Women's Golf?
Who is Kanye?
What is Kanye going to give to Paul McCartney?
What did Sarah Silverman give me?
What did Sarah Silverman give me hope?
When was Ed Sheeran made an MBE by The Prince of Wales?
Who made Ed Sheeran an MBE?
Who beat West Virginia by 10 points?
How many points did Alabama lose to West Virginia?
Who narrates his goodbye letter to basketball?
Who conducts orchestra?
What was found on the side of #EMU's King Hall?
Where was Hate speech found on the side of the #EMU?
When did @taylorswift13 throw a party?
Who did the 4th of July even happen if @taylor didn't throw a party?
What is the title of the 1997 Best Spoken Word Album?
In what year was the Best Spoken Word Album released?
How many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
What type of black men were shot dead in Chicago this month?
What ports did I try to grab from #IvyPark?
What is the name of the #journalism that I tried on everything I could grab from?
Who's shocked face when Meryl Streep is at her #AFILife dinner?
What was the Lakers' plan?
What is the head of Habitat?
What ting hit hard on Lester and Lackey?
What clubs did #RedSox get hit hard on both Lester and Lackey?
What does christine teigen miss?
What does christine teigen miss empathy for?
What is the name of the cabinet in which I belong?
What kind of rack did nbcsnl have?
What day did I replaceDavid Letterman?
What was the name of the person who was replaced by @nickkroll and @StephenAtHome?
What will happen to the Border Patrol?
What is Andy Cohen's name?
What is Andy Cohen's name?
Who took a stick to the face from Duncan Keith?
Who did Charlie Coyle take a stick to the face?
What is the name of the person who was born in Singapore?
Where is Shia LaBeouf from?
What is the name of AZALEA?
What is the thought of the holiday season?
Who did you thank for reminding us of our strength?
What is Amandla's name?
What flies through the air as her theme song plays?
What does #SpiderMable's theme song save?
What is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
What football team es down Buffalo in 7 OT's, 71-68?
When did I wake up?
Where did I start believing I'm G-d again?
What was the name of the yne's World Holds Kanye Down?
What was the name of the world holding Kanye Down?
Who is Kirkland?
What is the favorite part of Justice League?
What is my favorite part of Justice League?
What is the name of the newest custom-painted aircraft?
What was WestJet inspired by?
Why is Dancing guy living his best Super Bowl EVER #Tech# TGF Tech News (@TGFTechNews) February 8, 2016?
What is the name of the day that Dancing guy is living his best Super Bowl EVER #Tech# TGF Tech News?
How tall is Joel McHale on November 19, 2015?
What year was Joel McHale born?
What did arine sharpshooter Everitt Aaron Jameson bust in attempted terror attack at Pier 39?
What did Jean-Eric Vergne want to do?
Who is Jean-Eric Vergne?
Along with @Logic301 @thegreatkhalid, who will always remember the #VMA performance?
What is the name of the first stand alone store in Cara Ann Kelly?
Who was the first stand alone store in SJP?
Thank you for all of your warm thoughts and what?
I am looking forward to getting back to work as soon as I can.
What did Zoe Saldana darken?
What is the name of a black actor?
Who will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
What kind of hope will we be able to hew out of?
What did Zelda Williams say did not show ld've risen above?
What did Zelda Williams say did not show ld've risen above?
What movie is Kentucky doing a pretty good reenactment of the Monstars on @espn?
Who is doing a good reenactment of the Monstars on @espn?
What were the words 'St. Thomas', 'Santa Claus' and 'Cheese'?
How many hours was deray mckesson in the cell?
What did deray mckesson say if you want to test a man's character?
What year is the issue of COVER REVEAL?
What is the name of the wonder-babe featured in The Summer Issue?
Who shared @IslandRecords?
What did IslandRecords share with you too soon?
Who plays tennis Dave Itzkoff?
Who does Dave Itzkoff play?
Who is right?
What does Susan Rice want to do to Biden?
What is the name of the show that Haha I live for?
What is #SelenaEnding?
In what locker room did Pittsburgh Penguins live in?
What is the #Pens locker room?
Who feels pretty confident in warm ups but @KateBolduan is going to be tough?
What is going to be tough for Louis?
What song is Harry the biggest Larrie out there?
Who is the biggest Larrie out there # 1d Beards?
What does everyone need to do with the Hospicio de San Jose in Manilla?
Where is the Hospicio de San Jose located?
Who would have been split between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw?
Matilda would have been split between what two groups?
What do yu call for the rest of the year?
What is the name of the season that I'm growing my beard until either the Browns win or end of the season?
What is the purpose of growing my beard until the Browns win or end of the season?
Who does Seth Thomas belong to?
Who is the family of Donna ray?
Who ts on twitter and sees the people in his mentions who think he's @BMarsh54?
What type of person does Marshall get on twitter and sees the people in his mentions who think he's @BMarshh54
Who did Kelly look like?
What did I look like @blakelively?
Where do ur DNA results, birth certificate, and family records appear when u go?
What type of wimmenz! have ur DNA results, birth certificate, and family records present when u go to Kanye's
What type of fire did Jackson State U. respond to?
What family did P.K. Subban spend with yesterday?
What did racist tweets do to Subban?
What kind of shootings are crazy?
What does BigMay42 need to do?
Who just floored me?
What was Gaga's ance?
What shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
What is the name of the jr?
How many characters used to define my point of view?
How many characters did Nick Jonas use to define my point of view?
What is one thing I don't do?
What did you do to steal people's boyfriends?
Who boo minute of silence for Paris attacks?
Who did Istanbul fans chant "Allahu akbar" before Turkey?
When does beyonce get here?
What did Luke Bryan perform on @NFL's biggest stage?
Where can you see y'all on the National Anthem?
Who compares guns with Ruffalo #sdcc?
What does Hemsworth compare guns to?
Who cheered the president's motorcade @USATOpinion?
What was the name of the president's motorcade?
What is the name of @Stephen?
When do I grow?
What is st's name?
What is the name of Kim Kardashian West?
How long is the halftime show up for @ladygaga#SB51?
Who is LeAnn Rimes Cibrian?
What does Liam Payne use instead of taking advantage of?
What was Prince doing at #Rally 4?
What did Prince do at #Rally4Peace?
Where did Renaud Lavoie realize the meeting was?
Where did Renaud Lavoie go when he realized the meeting was at the Arena?
What song did Bill Keveney play at Sunset Strip?
At what concert did Bill Keveney play Blue Wonderful?
What did Jeff Flake write to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
Who wrote a bill to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
Who plays the latest trans serial killer?
Who plays a trans woman?
Why are these acts of violence tearing up the white community?
What is the name of the community that should condemn these acts of violence?
Who loses security?
What is the security guy about to do?
Who ever thought, "Wow, you look familiar?"
What did Lee ever think of Lee?
Who was there when #Texas needed him?
What kind of art did @JJWatt make possible?
Where did Tiger Woods land tonight?
Where did Tiger Woods land tonight?
What is the name of the woman who holds Thor?
What is old Thor now known as?
Who was onald J. Trump?
Where did Donald J. Trump win every poll?
What gets a 10 tho right?
How many kisses does the official DWTS (@DancingABC) get?
Who returned to 8H* with a special message for Felicity Jones?
Tina Fey returned to 8H* with a special message for what?
What type of carpet did Sonia Hawks look like?
What type of carpet did Sonia Hawks look like?
What is the residency of Gabby SidiBae?
What can Y'all have for a president if you want?
What has sold out?
What happened to Kim Kardashian West?
What kind of talent did Anton Yelchin have?
When did olivia wilde pass?
Who doesn't recall who's been naughty or nice?
What does Jeff Sessions on the Shelf not recall?
Who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
Who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
Who is the Hall of Presidents figure?
Who said Donald Trump's Hall of Presidents figure was unspeakably hideous?
What did Simone Biles do to do a retake bc?
When did Simone Biles kiss me?
What is Angela Eagle's name?
At what point will Angela Eagle stand?
Who is Justin Timberlake wearing an outfit he found in Johnny Depp's Goodwill donation bag?
What is Justin Timberlake wearing in Johnny Depp's Goodwill donation bag?
Who did Kanye think didn't care about black people?
What did Kanye think about black people?
What did Rob post about Rob Kardashian/Blac Chyna?
What was the name of the story Rob posted?
What was Frank Thorp V's ord on @MSNBC RE?
Who did Rep Sanford call the cabinet to look like a Benetton commercial?
Who is the Ultimate it girl @Hailey?
What magazine did @HaileyBaldwin shoot for?
What did someone leave a photo from @DowntonAbbey?
Where was a waterbottle left?
Where did I go back to to take a screenshot?
Who is trending over #Brangelina's divorce?
What is the name of the @Van?
What is the name of the #Canucks #Pucksonnetca?
Who has God in his life?
What does Steph have in his life?
Who thinks there should be no NHL games scheduled on deadline day?
Who is Howard Eskin?
How many yards did DeSean jackson have?
Who dropped the ball?
Who wrecked The Cauldron?
What is Sean Diddy Combs' name?
Who slams face into bathroom counter while getting ready?
What do YOU slam face into while getting ready?
Who saves the Met Gala every time?
What does Rihanna save every time?
What bar did Bill Murray visit last night?
When did Bill Murray see Oscars bar?
Who were you a part of?
What did @VP Biden and @Mariska thank you for?
What verse did my dad listen to on Immigrants?
What did my mom cry @ @Residente's verse on Immigrants?
Where was Joel Embiid #NBAVote?
Who did Sam Hinkie get?
How many people texted me asking me if I saw pizza rat is alarming?
What is the number of people who texted me asking me if I saw pizza rat alarming?
Who is Poppy Miller #?
What do we feel about sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
What kind of people hang the world?
What group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world?
How many McDavid Buffalo Sabres hockey jerseys does Eric Stangel want to buy?
What type of hockey jersey does anyone want to buy?
What did the #BatonRouge police do?
What was the name of the baton that messed with the wrong one?
Who closed the deal to play comey?
What did kyle chandler play in a crime story?
Where is Steven Stamkos showing some good power?
What is farzeen?
What is to me?
Who is Jon Levine?
What time has I never felt more solidarity with @AnnCoulter than I do?
What kind of plea does Bill O'Brien give to start offseason earlier?
What type of players would like to work with Bill O'Brien?
What is the LINK in?
Who did Jussie Smollett love?
What is the video set to #Reunion?
What year did the Class of 2018 do great things?
How many years has Cameron taken a break from making movies?
What is Cameron Diaz ent?
How many cops are ex-military & react based on military training?
How many many cops ex-military & react based on military training?
What is the name of VANITY FAIR?
What did VANITY FAIR do on January 25, 201?
Where was Christian Wood born?
Where did Christian Wood grow up?
What did @SnoopDogg give away?
What event did @SnoopDogg give away his blunt to a witch?
Who was named the 11th General Manager in #NYR franchise history?
How many th General Managers has Jeff Gorton been named in #NYR franchise history?
Who did @tyrabanks tell @Preacher rooting for you?
What is the name of the greatest #agtfinale moment?
Who was very complimentary only a few days ago?
Who told the Mayor of San Juan that you must be nasty to Trump?
Becca Laurie, PI (@imbeccable) May 28, 2016 what is Drake's name?
What does the @starwars cast say hi to?
Who did the Duke and Prince Harry say hi to?
When will summer shredding begin?
What day is Mammoth open?
What did the statewide hotline number open up?
What is vCuomo?
Who did the #VMAS red carpet welcome?
What is the name of the organization that welcomes our troops to the #VMAS red carpet?
Who did I love this POLICE?
When did I LOVE THIS POLICE MAN?
Who tulated ME on a great speech?
What did @realDonaldTrump just congratulate ME?
Who takes to the skies for an @aircadets flight simulator training session?
What does the Duchess take to the skies for?
Why did taylor swift put her music back?
What is the level of petty i aspire to be?
Why do you wonder why we don't like?
How many men did John Krasinski find my shirt JUST after this picture was taken?
What did John Krasinski find after the picture was taken?
What is the name of the dude lmaooo?
Where do I eat the tiniest cookie I've ever seen?
What does josh groban do to eat the tiniest cookie I've ever seen?
What is Jimmie Johnson's name?
What sport does Jimmie Johnson belong to?
What did Jason Aldean add to his family?
What does Jason Aldean mean this year?
How many ex-Googlers were founded?
What did Audacity name it?
Who wins the #RallyTogether?
How many wins does the @Indians' win streak end?
What is ppl's run up to?
What is the name of Budden?
On what boat did the Pasco deputies respond to fire?
How many people were on board the casino boat?