who has the most to lose?
what was deflated as much as new england footballs?
what would the #endangeredriver be a sexy bastard in this channel?
what channel would be a sexy bastard?
who answered kemba's floater?
what is the game tied at?
how many games did kemba play?
who is the floater?
what is the name of the shooting star?
what kind of surprise is there?
who is adam dhit talking about?
what does adam dhit do about?
who is looking good in practice ahead of his first match?
what is tsonga looking good in practice ahead of?
where did mukuria chush go?
what was westgate's favorite mall?
where was the hole cut in the wall?
where was the hole cut?
when was this novel first discovered?
when did judy blume start researching this novel?
who is elizabeth warren trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
who is trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve to do?
what does rand paul want to do?
who is bc a progressive populist candidate focused on?
who is emilia clooney going to celebrate?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is the luckiest girl in the universe?
what is meredith salenger the luckiest girl in the universe?
who is jeb bush giving you 5 stars?
what is jimmy kimmel giving you 5 stars?
who could never say what you said in one?
what kind of guitar does lenny kravitz use?
how many yards did  Miguel aces from?
how many yards did  Miguel aces the 15th?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like her blog calling her fat?
what will we wear today?
who will the nypd wear today?
what happened to giancarlo?
who gets things done?
who says donald gets things done?
how many miles is belgium camp?
what did klinsmann not offer to do?
who did jay sean read about?
who is sick when it's caused by an accident?
when does bobby think he's old enough to vote lastlaugh?
who is the mayor of daniel?
what was the show of the 21st century?
what year was the greatest television show of the 21st century?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with the cavs?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take us to?
what is russia trying to undermine?
who doesn't have to be to figure out what Russia is up to?
what kind of outage did saeed ahmed have?
what country is affected by the facebook outage?
who is being announced?
what is happening to dcgirlpower?
who is greg cosell talking to?
what does greg cosell enjoy listening to?
who did charles ronald help rescue?
where did charles nasr help adie berry?
who is alexavega proud to work with?
what was the name of the tv daddy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
what is the former ice cream store now a cafe?
who is jemmye hansen referring to?
what did jemmye hansen lose to justify the connection we shared?
who manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
what did franklin h3000 say krypton manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
who is paying homage?
who is paying homage at the #?
where did ben bradlee take the photo?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
where did leslie jones watch the olympics?
where did leslie jones watch the olympics?
what is the newly minted partnership with?
who is the newly minted partnership with?
what does trump want to change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did lzhernandez meet in one day?
who waits in a parking lot on waterman ave?
where did office workers wait in a parking lot?
where has #TD16 intensified?
how many storms has TD16 intensified?
what isn't enough to wear a black tuxedo?
what isn't enough to wear a tuxedo?
what does keegan allen say he doesn't know at the end of the season?
what has been gone ofr 15 yars?
how much goes to charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who doesn't get to export abuse against journalists to america?
what does turkish president obama not get to export to america?
how many scarves is grudier wearing at work?
when is grudier freezing?
who shared a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of patty arquette's life did she spend with a transgender sister?
who osted this video of ellen degeneres on ellentube?
where did portia post this video of portia?
who does liam love when families stick together?
what does liam love when families stick together?
what does cher want to do?
what is swiss army MAN completely trolling the audience?
where is swiss armady mann from?
what is izureen going to die in?
what is ureen asking if he is going to die?
who is being attacked on a 94 crime bill?
how many crime bill did sanders attack clinton?
who shows carly mallenbaum?
what song made grace viander waal's famous?
who did emma stone say you didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone not save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what will john legere do to take his rants to the airwaves?
why did cara delevingne rant over?
what would happen if he wasn't able to vent to you guys?
who just acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
what did the m&g propose to sebastian?
who is a trump supporter?
who did turkish fans booed a minute of silence?
who booed a minute of silence?
where is the special night?
who is inducted into the ukathletics hall of fame?
who is bassellalad shooing away?
what did bassellalad wear this summer?
what is an attempt to cover up the mistakes made in clinton's losing campaign?
where is melissa roberts/sean spicer cruising down the street?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what will be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
what will the glory of the Lord be revealed?
what does staples show us?
what is the prize pack?
who is @realMichellet tweeting about?
what can do that?
who is baron damm running for?
who is the running mate of donald trump?
what is arie trying to do?
who is trying to comfort someone while telling a sad story?
what does reese witherspoon think everybody knows now?
who will reese witherspoon never apologize for snuggling?
who did future say his kids ain't his main priority?
who does future say isn't his main priority?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
who has taken a nosedive?
what is officially dead today?
what did dani delete?
who won't be able to sleep until he knows how this person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who did eric eisenberg see back in action?
what does eric eisenberg like to see luke skywalker back in action?
who filed a court complaint against cassell?
who filed a court complaint?
who passed away?
who is josh gad sad to learn about mike nichols?
what did full frontal leave to spend more time with his pets?
what was jordan feldstein's character?
where is naturally segregated?
who is in the middle of the middle?
who is the change that we seek?
who is he happy with?
where did the military police try to arrest kim?
why did macedonean military police try to arrest kim?
what is james harry's team doing?
who is righteous cc radio talking about?
who kissed simone biles on the cheek?
what did simone kissed zac efron?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did daniel majewski say he was fine with?
what can't they wait for?
what festival is tummy sticks talking about?
what is the election over?
how many years has nick jonas been making this record?
what year has nick jonas been making this?
what country is donald trump talking about?
what is donald trump's statement about sweden?
how many shots will steven bowditch head to the last?
where did steven bowditch lead?
what is the biggest thing that makes GMs feel like you have multiple offers?
what does the biggest thing make GMs feel?
what flag did evrett edwards planted?
where did evrett edwards planted the iowa flag?
what service is specializing in sithy advice?
what is the job of a president?
what is the job of a president?
who are they talking about?
what is harry potter playing?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
what is mike shinoda feeling?
who has a few ideas brewing?
who is joss whedon talking about?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who crashed a photography session?
how many sweaters does the monumental network want to take home?
who did the red wings not believe would get?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
what team makes zayn name one of the shoes 'zigi'?
who has a shoe collection?
what does he look at?
what will be thru the roof?
who did kenien spin?
who did qestlove say he did?
who was driving students around for surewalk?
where did matthew mcconaughey drive students?
who is being asked to take blank space to a WHOLE?
what kind of space is taken to a WHOLE?
who deserves to be?
where did katyperry pull up to liberate?
where did the senior prank take place?
who did bill hader do a senior prank at iroquois high school?
who is unsure if he will need surgery on his elbow?
who is pending surgery on malkin's elbow?
what does keaton call 'hisdden'?
who calls 'hisdden figures'?
who asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what is the name of the group that is playing coachella?
what is the lowkey growing on tria?
who is the queen meeting?
what does she think the queen is nervous about?
who is the strike picketing in downtown boston?
where is #verizonstrike picketing?
who is set for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi?
where is the player's arrival prior to tonight's semi?
who was mandy proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about sterling krown?
who is coming to an end?
what kind of sadness is the tig coming to an end?
where is she standing in line with chara?
what year did monika bittner use the restroom?
where is traffic set up?
what is john boyega excited about?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what are they excited for?
what is jeopardy going to have in today's game?
who is jeopardy a member of?
what does lebron james have every game he plays?
who is the tattooed james?
where did we map amber waves of grain?
what are the most popular states?
who is the worst airline in america?
what airline is the worst airline in america?
who plays his brother?
who is nickkroll a prop from?
who is canceling all appearances at the megastate flight?
where is the governor going to visit north stl county?
who was drake dancing like in his music video?
what was drake dancing like?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia interested in?
what did chron get up shots after?
where did he bring you to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
when did he bring you in the shower?
what did gal gadot shuns heels in?
who did gil gadot shuns heels in favor of flats on her Wonder Woman press tour?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
who released music together?
what is selena & abel releasing?
what is going to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
who looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what color is beyonce wearing?
who is beyonce's wax figure?
what is the weather channel talking about?
where is memorial day weekend?
who is the author of the cover shoot?
what is kimkardashian's first cover shoot?
who is being asked about?
who is being asked about hanzal?
what color is brian truitt referring to?
what kind of characters does black panther boast?
what did elizabeth degeneres forget?
where did elizabeth degeneres go?
who doesn't see color?
what is chris brown talking about?
who will chris brown go to?
who did kevin durant score against tonight?
who is watching the warriors?
where did the eagles of death metal return?
where did the eagles of death metal make their triumphant return?
who did octavia spencer miss?
what did octavia spencer miss?
who is he challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many points contests are there?
who does rachel handler have arms?
who loved/lived to act?
what could stop daniel roberts?
who traded on ice at 1030am?
when did dustin penner exchange?
what award did justin bieber thank for?
what did justin bieber have a great time with?
what did tim burchett say was the right decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition to the ppl zamboni unveiled?
who is the new addition to?
where was the performance scheduled for listeners?
who asked lindsayell not to come bc of his personal life?
what type of hack did merck confirm his company's computer network was compromised?
who sang the national anthem at the lildickytweets concert?
what is jimmy harbaugh singing?
who performed'smelly cat'?
what did lisa kudrow perform?
how long ago would arie say she would have said?
who is arie excited to watch?
what does she refuse?
what did kerry washington say is important?
what is the title of the convo?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye do when he stands up?
who does kyrieirving hand his first Celtics jersey?
what did kyrieirving hand his dad?
where is he taking this season?
who is aking this season to the malaysias?
who is the chief strategiest?
when was the new colossus added to the statue of liberty?
when was "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
who did one of the most despicable things he've ever seen happen on tv, reality or otherwise?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who is the mayor of london?
who threatens a professor?
what culture does the media decry?
what does he wish he was an american?
what does he wish he was?
who was busy cashing a video game check?
what was kim kim kardashian doing?
who is here at the edsheeran show?
what color is tom hiddleston wearing?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who doesn't have to wear a dress tonight?
when does michael roston want to wear a dress?
who goes 5th?
who was told one team has ranked 6th?
who is already tired of taylor swift and tom hiddleston?
how long has nick been tired of taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is r.i.p?
who are the kindest people you could ever hope to meet?
where is bill keveney's rock star arrival?
who has a rock star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who is a good role model and not a bad golfer?
what is kelly xu's role model?
who is her generation's gay icon?
what isnt an explicit and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many people are killed?
what did the Celtics do to help the Celtics pull it out?
how many offensive fouls did harden have on inbound plays?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did a jury deliberate longer in?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
who is liam happy to have signed to?
what is emma happy to show all of you the teaser poster for?
who is happy to show all of you the teaser poster for beauty and the beast?
what awards season was get out nominated for?
what time did the exchange take place?
what did behs chargers soccer tweet about?
how long would you have traded coldplay?
how long would you have traded coldplay?
where is tom hiddleston living his best life?
who is living his best life at this ed sheeran concert?
what did blakeshelton do in his life?
where did blakeshelton spend an entire day?
how long did eurovision last?
what is europe less hung up about?
where did a bunch of us go?
who died so we could see that was his mission?
who fixed the logo for james?
how much did milio receive?
what did katieledecky do to get through the medal detector?
who did mlb take to get through the medal detector?
who is charlie bartlett and house of d?
who is anton elchin thanks for?
who has the goods?
who is confronting its role in the world?
what did allys likeastar read?
what did allys likeastar say you were good until reading the r-word?
who does he see a lot of in you?
what does nbcsnl see a lot of?
who is lin-manuel timothy full of?
what does lin-manuel say you are full of everyday heroes?
what did the president ask for?
how many times did the president ask for his resignation?
who did martha stewart illuminate?
what did martha stewart say about the tree?
who must be laughing more at constant negative press covfefe?
what are the russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
what is the haul?
what does kukkatori print?
what does cookie's fur match?
where did cookie's match take place?
what is zac efron watching?
what is zac efron watching?
what does bernie sanders welcome?
who does bernie sanders not want the support of?
what color does rio oogler have?
where is sam smith's heart?
what is sam smith's heart with?
who d her signature smile after her best bar routine?
what did simon biles do after her best bar?
what does john green not use in a book or elsewhere?
what is the word not used in a book or elsewhere?
who is a great reminder from?
what color should you wear if you are not able to strike?
who is bad for that guy playing han solo cuz that's dr. glover movie now?
who is daniel daniel daniel playing?
who arrived in london?
who is arriving in london?
how many goals did the team score?
how many times did the predators score in the postseason?
who is the cover star?
how many people were cited to announce their April cover star?
who spoke in harvard's @jfkjrforum?
when will sen rand paul speak in harvard's @jfkjrforum?
who is olfi from?
who made her want to punch herself in the face?
what is ryan's daughter thankful for?
who is rebecca jimmy happy with?
what is rebecca michelson's timeline?
who had a dream so we could one day make ours come true?
who had a dream so we could one?
who will support kddrey5 and deandrejordan6?
who will support kdrey5 and deandre jordan?
what is world's top selling watch?
who is world's top selling watch?
who broke the third rule of dua lipa?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who recorded "After Everything I've done for you"?
who is dj champlin a genius?
what must the internet remain?
what did he sign an executive order to protect?
who is toya's heart going out to?
who is better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before leaking to the press?
what press did james comey leak to?
what did jordansdiamonds support and campaign for?
what did jordan paigne for?
where is drake from?
what song is dr dr king on?
what is daniel pope doing when things can't get any?
what is carly seeing at the starwars fan concert?
who is carly mallenbaum seeing at the starwars fan concert?
who is the tweeter talking about?
what are the texans open to?
what does ceelo look like?
who did she call her grandmother and thank her for the birthday card and twenty dollars?
how much money did she spend on her birthday card?
what program is mike eruzione supporting?
when was the anthem released?
what was the anthem to a friend Janet lost to?
who is rob smith lecturing?
what would martin luther king jr have done?
who is justin bieber?
who is watching justin bieber's set?
who rs to their lies asalternative facts?
who was unnecessary?
what kind of girls did ed sheeran have?
who was harassed by trump supporters?
who harassed a muslim student?
what is jay walking looking for on the 7 line web site?
how does he want to get his tattoo on the 7 line web site?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what is he rebooting back to the future with?
who wants her to go home?
how many islands did donald trump want to go home?
who did jacoby ellsbury have a 9th catcher interference in the 1st inning?
when did jamesbury record his 9th catcher interference?
who did cruelty never make anyone?
what did cruelty never make anyone a winner?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what movie is rob lowe talking about?
what movie is there a new hero in town?
where is bon jovi?
what are the votes, posts, and videos from bon jovi?
who will not play tonight?
what will jimmy druin play on tonight?
who does lena love?
what does lena dunham not wear?
how long was jason demers excited to be part of the sharks organization?
what organization is jason demers excited to be part of?
who is the walking dead partnering with?
what does drake university put down?
where did carly mallenbaum see the view?
how long has the view been?
who is eb confused at?
what is eb confused about?
what song did chelsea sing?
what did chelsea janes sing?
who is kerry mahony talking about?
who is elizabeth using phrases like slob kabob and unleashing khaleesi?
who is maeve mcdermott wearing a rose?
what is maeve mcdermott wearing?
what does lady gaga not need?
what does lady gaga want to do?
what makes arie excited?
what should you do to stay in your seat?
where did kanye's jokes take place?
what did the cnn do?
what does everyone make?
what is the reputation of comey?
who did billie jean king say ited for her?
what is billie jean king excited for?
what sport is mike mazzeo talking about?
what did the officials think was a foul?
what is elizabeth degeneres thankful for?
what are the people who have eggs as their profile pics?
where did megan walker make the decision?
who made the decision between us, ND and uconn?
what kind of women are at work?
what happens to black women everyday?
what does fou have a "gay moment" in?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who understood the importance of this issue?
what is u.s. opinion about?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who did sergio garcia drink last night?
what kind of wine did sergio garcia drink last night?
who has been snubbed?
what kind of blisters are there?
what bandages are you covered with?
who is sporting her natural hair?
what is zazie sporting?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what did trump expect better from megynkelly?
what beer is safe and sound in ambdoer's office?
who is referring to the white house beer?
what do the americans need to know?
what colors are the only colors you need to know?
what is made with arkit's restaurant menu printed?
what restaurant does arkit eat?
who did he try to not make this about?
what did he try to make this about?
who is the giant herd of?
where is the giant herd of starswars concert attendees going?
who is ava inspired by?
who is being cast in rinkle in time?
who recommends tmobile custs return to stores asap?
what is stephen colbert in russia?
who is in russia?
where is anze kopitar?
where does anze kopitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
what is the best thing that happened to morgan?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the mocrats?
what is ohio done with nhl?
what is the nba doing?
what do you get once in your life?
what happens once in your life?
what did matt lucas always depend on?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
who is chris hemsworth?
who is algadot asking?
who is putting up shots in l.a.?
where is henry hayward putting up shots?
who should carry an acoustic guitar more often?
what awards did jtimberlake receive?
who had a heart attack?
what did gwyneth r. r. martin have?
who passed away?
where did bernie marsden spend time with mccain young?
what did mike ronalds do while entering canada?
where was mike ronalds charged for possession of controlled substance?
what should nobody in their right mind do about curry?
what does baron davis want everyone to do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family make the trip?
who made the trip to adreian payne?
who did jimmy scott tweet about?
what is mr drew scott doing tonight?
who is giving an honourary decoration to?
where did the concert go?
who drops the microphone?
what is the way a president drops the microphone?
what would celebs make to get retweets?
who will always love you?
what is dr maya angelou's heart sad?
what did harry, ginsny and albus do?
who is harry, ginny, and albus potter talking about?
what is las vegas dreaming to be?
what does rachel slindsay say he keeps his grass cut low so the snakes will show?
what does rachel lindsay keep grass cut low?
what is kim keeping a secret?
what kind of raps does NICKI MINa have?
what will he write for?
what does shannon purser have about it?
what can be really scary?
what show is jay z making?
what is jay z's mini series with?
what will be gone fast?
who is giving a free pair of limited editions?
where is idabet's first visit?
who leaves three states he has yet to visit?
who stepped out in a jimmy packham dress?
what does the duchess of cambridge love?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who won a tayton?
who won a taylor?
where were the protests taking place?
what did melania trump think of?
who is paris blue tweeting about?
who is paris blue referring to?
what series is eugene mirman a time traveler from 2015?
what revival news has given ghully wilson new life?
what has he given him new?
what was rihanna put on this earth?
where was rihanna slaughtered?
how does Patricio BG say the evening passes?
what kind of glasses did Patricio BG drink?
where was he playing today?
who is playing with billy horschel?
what does rick and morty want to do?
what does rick and morty wish for?
who's fan base is gay men?
who is ariana's fan base?
what did nicki do outside with her brothers?
where did nicki come from?
what can people be taught if they can learn to hate?
what does barack obama say people must learn to?
who did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who is he able to announce that he will be miss golden globes 2016?
what is corinne foxx able to announce?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
who did jose manuel calderon wake up every morning?
what does chrissy teigen call this?
who does chrissy teigen call the skirt?
how many turnovers did jogi ferell run?
who credits improved assist to ratio to tom crean?
what race has a emmy NOMINATION?
who is bringing calyn home?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a bimbo?
who does donald trump refuse to call megyn kelly?
because he has risen, what does not mean a candy egg delivering a plushy bunny?
what does brad paisley not mean?
what are citizens appealing to their future VPOTUS?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is bene thanking for the image of the night?
why is violence unnecessary?
what is an angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do?
what is kelechi okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when does kelechne okafor apply for a job?
who is adding a little gay to their tale as old as time of beastiliaty?
what is a little gay to the tale?
where was the high turnout of black women?
who was the high turnout of in alabama's senate election?
who sent a video message to tracee ellis ross?
what is charlie obama celebrating?
how long was the train not arriving?
who sounds like a train easing into the station?
what does a cafe create for the guy who likes to do?
who created the trump burger?
what is sean talking about?
what does sean seize?
who had a salt-and-pepper haired baby?
what did he have a salt-and-pepper haired?
what does giphy know about love?
who is the author of the tweet?
what is lebron driving?
who is lebron driving a kia?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is the next bachelor?
who is incorporated into a wilson's world skit?
what year did kanye west skit #?
who will play comey in the movie?
what year was the movie released?
what was his dad's battle with?
how many people have a hard battle with colon cancer?
who announced her retirement?
how long did Cathy lanier retire?
what march is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
what country is the least embarrassing march in 6 months?
what is kristen steves' short film?
who introduces 'come swim'?
what must they do when they have a great candidate?
where was the black turnout today?
who is the host of the wta response to why more women didn't win tonight?
who wants to be musicians to step up?
who is kim kardashian referring to?
what does kim not play with?
what is the way they run to?
what is the way they run to each other?
who is unraveling psychologically/emotionally?
who is unraveling psychologically/emotionally?
what does tyrann say to another person?
how old is tyrann mathieu?
what sport is the best?
what did jordin tootoo give to chris nelson?
what did the daughter get?
what was patty arquette nominated for?
what can we do to personalize shopping?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on the new law & order SVU?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is dewey october 12th?
what happened to dewey ocean?
who is niall horan going to miss?
what is the nicest family on?
what does nba say good did not win this election?
who did patriots RB snap in win over?
what day is ryan seacrest celebrating?
who is nseacrest's number one mom?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together?
who will coach bylsma use together?
what should trump be given?
how many "tapes" of people colluding?
where did students take the campus to protest racist graffiti?
what did students protest on the campus?
who is framed by pat Quinn Way & Griffiths Way?
who will rogersarena be framed by?
what demographic are steph curry and under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who asked for a song to release on christmas?
what did eleric mayhem ask for?
what did nott jmiller work?
what day is nott jmiller celebrating?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a 657 word message?
who did obama joke to?
where did obama joke to trudeau?
what app does wil use instead of undermining self confidence with a wall of silence?
what does wil use an app to do instead of undermining self confidence with a wall of silence?
what does akira miele think there needs to be?
who needs a massive expansion of retraining and counseling?
who does lzhernandez and iam vac dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes police reform possible?
how can we legally limit cops to 9-11 calls?
where was the bus located?
what state is jsu not able to tell us who was on the bus or why it was in london area?
who is being sent to 9460 wilshire Blvd?
where are the deaththreats going overboard?
who does hillary clinton think is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
what is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
what is the best day of their lives?
what did lauren cosgrove thank everyone for?
who did lin-manuel play this for?
what did lin-manuel say when he played this?
what does ethan put in the new united airlinesmottos?
who put the hospital in hospitality?
who is she interviewing to her mid interview?
who is mrs. dancerie mary interviewing to her mid interview?
who say there's discrimination against whites because of race?
why does more than half of white americans say there's discrimination against whites?
what do we become silent about?
who does elizabeth degeneres say we become silent about things that matter?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who hasn't wanted to punch jennifer?
what is mandy moore's elf?
what is mandy trying to do?
who put larger onus on the olympics?
who put larger onus on the olympics?
who showed up to the picranhas3DPuck game?
how did the kane guy show up to the iranhas3duck game?
what did dubinsky sign for the upcoming season?
how long did dubinsky have a no-move clause?
who is on the #gots7?
where does ed sheeran go?
what would he enjoy?
who would enjoy justice league more?
what does krysilove like now?
what does krysilove fry?
who hosts teamHeadsTogether runners?
where is the duchess of cambridge hosting teamHeadsTogether runners?
what are kids growing up in a heteronormative society confused?
where are the kids growing up?
who did feisty obama give the same no arms hug?
how long is the iphone?
what did apple slow down the phone?
who is kristian nairn sharing her cake with?
what game did kristian nairn play?
who shared the writing and directing work?
who does jabari love?
who did gibbons perform on lifting his arm up?
what has he been getting a hard time about?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who was sad that she took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what is a black-eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give kanye a career?
what is kanye going to give kaye?
what does sarah silverman want someone to give her?
what did sarah silverman give to her?
when was ed sheeran made an MBE?
who made ed sheeran an MBE?
who beat west vs. wales by 10 points?
how many points did alabama beat west vs. california?
who is narrating his goodbye letter to basketball?
who conducts orchestra?
what was found on the side of king hall?
where was the hate speech found?
when did the party happen?
who didn't throw a party?
what is the name of the album?
what year did it take a village?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
what type of men were shot dead in california this month?
what did ivy park try on?
where did cara anne kelly try on everything she could grab from?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at her dinner?
who is a source with knowledge?
what is jimmy kardashian being treated?
red sox hit hard on lester and lackey
where are the red sox getting hit hard?
what does chrissy teigen miss?
who does chrissy teigen miss empathy for?
who is a member of nbcsnl's cabinet?
what did trump get?
who did conan o'brien replace david letterman?
who did nickkroll replace?
what must we do to those responsible?
who does andy henry say it is DOWN to?
who does andy cite as saying it is DOWN to?
who took a stick to the face?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face?
who wrote this tweet?
where is shia labeouf growing up?
who is enjoying the holiday season?
what seems to be exhausting?
who is amandla thanking for reminding us of our strength?
what kind of lemonade did beyonce use?
who does spider mable fly through the air as her theme song plays?
what does spider mable do to save?
who hates malcolm?
who is down blake in 7 OT's?
when did chelsea wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up?
what is kanye's world holding down?
who holds kanye down?
who is justinkirkland talking with?
who is the favorite part of justice league?
what is sarah's favorite part of justice league?
what are they introducing?
what was the newest custom-painted aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
who is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
how many inches is kim kim's ass?
what is kim kim's ass doing for him and his family?
what is the name of the former marine sharpshooter?
who did jean eric vergne pray for?
who did jean eric vergne pray for?
who will always remember this powerful performance?
what store is being discussed?
who is chatting with in sjp's first stand alone store?
what is priyanka looking forward to getting back to work?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what did zoe saldana do?
who is casting and darkening her skin?
who will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will we be able to hew out of?
what did the tweet not show?
what did the tweet not show?
what movie is being reenacted?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm this sason?
how long was deray mckesson in the cell?
what does deray mckesson think if you want to test a man's character, give him?
what summer is the issue?
who shot the summer issue?
who shared island recordings and a love for music?
what does melissa etheridge love?
who did benedict cumberbatch meet?
what does benedict cumberbatch do?
who is right?
what does ambassador rice want to do?
what does he live for?
who does cos ican live for?
where is the live look in from?
what did the pnps live in the locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
what song is harry dying?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does madonna need?
where is the hospicio de san jones?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
who does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
what is scott growing his beard until the browns win or the end of the season?
what is scott sabol growing his beard until the browns win or end of the season?
who does donna ray say thoughts and prayers go out to?
who is the family of?
who ts on twitter and sees the people in his mentions who think he's @marshh54?
what kind of tweet is kathleen talking about?
who did ekkelly wish he looked like?
what did erin kelly wish he looked like?
who does erni go to?
what is the name of the person who has a dark skint multiracial wimmenz?
what type of fire is there no reported injuries?
who did p.k. subban spend with?
what did coach say racist tweets didn't affect p.k. subban?
what is happening every morning?
what does this need to do?
who floored halsey?
what does halsey love gaga?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who is sharing the stage with you at the vsfashion show?
how many characters did nick jonas want to share?
how many characters does nick jonas want to share?
what does she not do?
what did irls do to steal people's boyfriends?
who boo minute of silence for paris attacks?
who did ece toksabay chant "allahu akbar" before?
when is coldplay performing their hit song?
what is luke bryan excited to perform on nfl's biggest stage?
where is the nfl's biggest stage?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what color are people cheering the president's motorcade?
what is dewayne wickham cheering?
who does he want to be like when he grows up?
when does he grow?
what do you send if you're still up and reading this?
who is reading this tweet?
what is being pulled up for ladygaga?
who is giving it up for?
what does liam take advantage of?
what is prince doing at the rally?
who is prince doing "baltimore"?
where did renaud lavoie realize the meeting was?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to go back?
what song does eltonjohn play?
where did eltonjohn play blue wonderful?
what did he write to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who wrote a bill to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who is evelyn talking about?
who is michelle rodriguez playing?
who is tearing up the community?
who should condemn these acts of violence?
who loses it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who does justinkirkland think ever thought, "wow, you look familiar?"
what does justinkirkland think he ever thought?
who was there when texas needed him?
what did elaine degeneres do when texas needed him?
where did the plane land?
where did the plane land?
who is the woman holding?
what is old tro known as?
who won every poll of the debate tonight?
what did donald trump win?
what gets a 10tho right?
how many kisses did the kiss get?
who returned to 8h*?
who did tina fey return to 8h* with a special message?
what kind of carpet did sonia see?
what did sonia hawks see?
where is he going to live?
who can y'all have for a president if you want?
what has sold out?
what did kim kardashian say now the LIGHT has sold out?
what kind of talent did anton elchin have?
when did anton elchin pass?
who does not recall who's been naughty or nice?
what does he not recall?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who does rex huppke want to tell?
what did trump get about trump's hall of presidents figure?
what did simone biles do to do a retake bc?
when did simone biles kiss him?
who still has time to do the right thing?
where will angela eagle stand?
who is aisha taylor wearing an outfit?
what is jimmy timberlake wearing in a goodwill donation bag?
who did kalandria brown think didn't care about black people?
who did kalandria brown think would have voted for trump?
what did rob post about blis chyna?
what did rob post about blis chyna?
who did rep sanford say the cabinet needs to look like?
who is rep sanford talking about?
who is the ultimate it girl?
what does @hailey baldwin define in her new shoot?
what did someone leave?
where did someone leave a waterbottle?
what did she go back to?
who is trending over balina's divorce?
who has this incredible night?
who is the ucks on net?
who does steph have in his life?
what does steph have in his life?
who is allan walsha talking with?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many yards did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the cauldron?
who does he challenge everyone to donate?
who is in love with slams face into bathroom counter while getting ready?
what is cattie hallway in love with?
who saved the met gala every time?
what did rihanna save every time?
where was bill mcdonald's last night?
when did bill mcdonald see the movie?
who did brianna yellen thank?
what did brianna yellen thank vb biden and mariska for?
what is lin-manuel timothy listening to?
what did lin-manuel's mom cry?
where did sam hinkie get youSee you?
what did sam get?
how many people texted marissa asking me if he saw pizza rat?
what is the amount of people who texted marissa asking me if he saw pizza rat?
who is poppy mclaren tweeting about?
who is sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
who hanged the world?
what group of citizens can change the world?
how many hockey jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
what kind of jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
what did the police do?
who messed with the wrong one?
who closed the deal to play comey in american crime story?
who did kyle chandler play in american crime story?
where is steven samkos showing some good power?
what is kylie jenner saying about 2016?
what is to zoe saldana?
who has never felt more solidarity with jon levine?
what does jon levine say he has never felt more solidarity with ann coulter than?
what is bill o'brien giving to start offseason earlier?
who is giving an impassioned plea to start offseason earlier?
what is jussie smollett talking about?
who does jussie smollett love?
what is the video set to?
what year is the class of reunion?
how many years has she taken a break from making movies?
what does he say she can't say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what is being deprogramed?
who is the tweeter referring to?
what is oprah doing?
where was christian wood growing up?
where is christian wood referring to?
what does snoop dogg give away?
where did snoop dogg give his blunt to a witch?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many general manager in nyr franchise history did jeff gorton be named?
who was rooting for carly mallenbaum?
who did carly mallenbaum say we were rooting for?
who was very complimentary a few days ago?
who told the mayor of san jimmy that you must be nasty to trump?
who does drake congratulate?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to?
where will mammoth be open daily?
when will mammoth be open?
what did he open up a statewide hotline number?
what does the state celebrate?
who is welcoming to the red carpet?
who is welcoming their troops to the red carpet?
who did marcus gomezz love?
what does he love?
who tulated me on a great speech?
what did donald trump just congratulate?
who takes to the skies for an aircadets flight simulator training session?
what is the duchess taking to the skies?
what is katy perry releasing tonight?
what is katy perry doing tonight?
what does josh wonder why we don't like?
what is john krasinski thanking for?
what did john find after the picture was taken?
who is mad at this dude lmaooo?
where is josh groban eating the tiniest cookie?
where is josh groban eating the tiniest cookie?
how many legends does jimmie johnson have a chance to honor?
what sport does jimmie johnson belong to?
what did he want to add to his family?
what does this year get?
who founded the stated business model?
what is the stated business model?
who's win streak ends at 22?
how many wins does the indians win streak end?
what does joe hope kids don't make erous?
what does he hope kids don't make running up to ppl's homes a thing?
where did the fire occur?
how many people were on board?