who has the most to lose?
what deflated as much as new england patriots footballs?
what is john d. sutter saying about the endangeredriver?
what would be a sexy bastard in this channel?
who answered kemba's floater?
what is the game tied at?
how many games did kemba's game tie?
who is the floater?
what is the name of the shooting star?
what is the cause of the tweet?
who does adam dhit tweet to?
what does adam dhit want to do?
who is looking good in practice ahead of his first match?
what is tsonga looking good in practice ahead of?
what mall did mukuria chege visit earlier today?
what was mukuria chege's favorite mall?
where was the hole cut in the wall?
what is the photo of the inmate looking at?
why is this novel almost ready for you to read?
when did judy blume start researching this novel?
who is elizabeth warren trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
who is trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve to do?
what does rand paul want to do?
what is bc a progressive populist candidate focused on?
who is emilia clooney going to celebrate?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is the luckiest girl in the universe?
where is meredith salenger the luckiest girl?
who is giving 5 stars?
why is jeb bush giving 5 stars?
who could never say what you said in one?
what type of guitar does lenny kravitz use?
when did he aces from 174 yards?
how far did he aces the 15th?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who does john colapinto wish you luck?
who does john colapinto wish you luck?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like her blog calling her fat?
what will we wear today?
who will the nypd wear hats?
what happened to giancarlo?
what does melania trump say?
who says donald gets things done?
how far is the belgium camp?
what did klinsmann not offer to use?
who died in an accident?
who is sick when it's caused by an accident?
when do games wait until we are old enough to vote?
who has fun and games waiting until we are old enough to vote?
what were the two shows of the 21st century?
when was the greatest television show of the 21st century?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with?
who has a meeting with the cavs?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take us?
what is russia trying to undermine?
who doesn't have to be to figure out what Russia is up to?
what kind of outage is being discussed?
what country is affected by the facebook outage?
who is super heroes announcing?
what is the name of the new comic?
who is greg cosell talking to?
what does greg cosell enjoy listening to?
who did charles nasr help rescue?
where did charles nasr help rescue Amanda berry?
who is alexavega tweeting about?
what did alexavega say you were an amazing tv daddy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
who is looking like this will be out of business for a while?
who is jemmye hanks tweeting to?
what happened to jemmye?
who manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
what is the author of MAN of STEEL?
who is paying homage at the #?
who is paying homage at the #?
where did ben bradlee take the photo?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
what did leslie jones get two ways to watch?
who did leslie jones watch the olympics?
what is the newly minted partnership with republicrecords?
who is the newly minted partnership with?
what can trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did lzhernandez meet in one day?
who waits in a parking lot on waterman ave?
where is the waterman ave located?
where has #TD16 intensified into?
how many storms has #TD16 intensified into?
what did not a single man accept?
what color is the tuxedo?
what did keegan allen say at the end of the season?
what is mute bae talking about?
how much goes to charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who doesn't get to export abuse against journalists to america?
what does turkish president obama not get to export?
what are they currently wearing at work?
when is grudier freezing?
who spent half her life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of her athroom did she spend with a transgender sister?
who osted this video of ellen degeneres on ellentube?
where was the video posted?
who does liam love when families stick together?
what does liam love when families do?
what does cher want to do?
what is swiss army man trolling the audience?
where is swiss armstrong mr. lawson from?
where is izureen going to die?
what is ureen asking if he is going to die?
who attacked clinton on a crime bill that he voted for?
what did sanders attack clinton on?
who made carly mallenbaum famous?
what did the song do?
who did emma stone say didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone not save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what did john legere write?
why did cara delevingne rant over?
what would happen if he wasn't able to vent to you guys?
who acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
what did the m&g propose to sebastian?
who is a trump supporter?
who did turkish fans booed a minute of silence?
who booed a minute of silence?
where is the special night?
who is inducted into the ukathletics hall of fame?
who is bassellalad shooing away?
what did bassellalad wear this summer?
what is an attempt to cover up the mistakes made in clinton's losing campaign?
where did she/sean spicer cruise down the street?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
what will happen to the glory of the Lord?
what does staples show us?
what is the prize for?
who is the author of the #mlkday?
what can do that?
who is ounce pizza rat running for?
who is clock running for?
what is arie trying to comfort someone while they tell?
who is trying to comfort someone while they tell a sad story?
what does reese witherspoon say everyone knows now?
who will reese witherspoon never apologize for snuggling?
who is future mad at?
who did future say isn't his main priority?
what has taken a nosedive in recent years?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
what app is officially dead today?
what did danielleerika delete?
who will not be able to sleep until he knows how this person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who did eric eisenberg see back in action?
what is amazing to see luke walker back in action?
who's statements were false and known by him to be false?
who filed a court complaint?
who passed away?
who is josh gad sad to learn that mike nichols passed?
what did full frontal leave to spend more time with his pets?
what did jordan feldstein do?
what country is naturally segregated?
who is in the middle?
who is the change that we seek?
what is he happy with?
what country did the military police try to arrest?
why did macedonean military police try to arrest kim?
what does righteouscc better be in?
who is righteous cc radio talking about?
who kissed simone biles?
where did he kiss zac efron?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did dr. majewski say they were fine with?
who can't wait for?
where are the thinkpieces from?
what is the election over?
how long has nick been making this record?
what has nick jonas been making this year and a half?
where is donald trump talking about?
where was the story broadcast?
what will steven bowditch head to the last?
where did steven bowditch lead?
what does he play with?
what does the biggest thing make GM's feel?
what did evrett edwards plant?
where did evrett edwards planted the iowa flag?
what is the new service called?
what is the job of a president?
what does trump believe in?
who did psalm, noma and cherrelle give insight about working on harryotter play?
what do they share exclusive insights about working on?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
what is mike shinoda feeling?
who has a few ideas?
who is joss whedon talking about?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who crashed a photography session in nebraska this weekend?
where did the monumental network head to during the caps?
who did the red wings not believe would get?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
who makes zayn name one of the shoes?
who has a shoe collection?
where is pt. f. tompkins looking?
who knows the crowd's mouths?
what did the tweeter spin?
what did kenien mention?
who is romeo talking about?
where did matt mcconaughey drive students?
who did ts. tweet about blank space taken to a WHOLE?
what is the new level of space taken to?
what does nyasha think anyone who can keep a straight face deserves to be?
where did you pull up to liberation?
where did the senior prank take place?
who did bill hader do a senior prank at iroquois high school?
who is uncertain if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
who is malkin unsure if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
what does mike keaton call 'golden lobes'?
who calls 'hisdden figures'?
how many people asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what did people ask why a korean group was playing?
what does tria think y'all are?
who did the queen meet at whipsnade?
what does she think the queen is nervous about?
who is the strike picketing in downtown boston?
where is the #verizonstrike picketing?
who is set for the player's arrival prior to tonight's semi vs. canada?
where is team america?
who was the man proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about sterling krown?
who is coming to an end?
how does the tig feel about the tig?
what does monika bittner want chara to use?
when is monika stepping in line with chara to use the restroom?
where is traffic set up?
what is john boyega excited about?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what is @therealeve excited for?
what are you going to have in today's game?
who is jeopardy a member of?
what does lebron james want to have every game he plays?
who does ramon herencia want to have a tattoo?
where did we map the amber waves of grain?
what is the most popular state?
who is the worst airline in america?
who is the worst airline in america?
who plays billy eichner's brother?
who is nickkroll a prop from?
who is canceling all appearances?
where is the governor going to visit?
who was drake dancing like?
what was drake dancing like?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia interested in?
after what did steve kardashian get up shots?
where did he bring you to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
when did he bring you in the shower?
what did gal gadot shuns heel in on her Wonder Woman press tour?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
who releases music together?
what does selena & abel release?
what is going to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
who looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what color is katy gosselin wearing?
who is beyonce's wax figure?
what is the weather channel talking about?
where could rain and storms cause impact plans?
who is the cover shoot?
where is kimkardashian's cover shoot?
who is the coyotes getting asked about?
who is being questioned about hanzal?
what movie is brian truitt talking about?
what kind of characters does blackpanther have?
what did elen degeneres forget?
where did elen degeneres not let her in?
who doesn't see color?
what is chris brown talking about?
who does chris brown want to go to?
who did kevin durant score against tonight?
who is watching the warriors tonight?
where did the eagles of death metal make a triumphant return?
where did the eagles of death metal make a triumphant return to paris?
who does octavia spencer want to miss?
who did octavia spencer miss?
who is he challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many people are challenging money2 to a 3 point contest?
who has arms?
who loved/lived to act?
what could stop daniel roberts?
who was traded on ice at 1030?
when did dustin penner traded?
who did justin bieber thank for the amazing honor?
what did justin bieber say he had a great time?
what did tim burchett say about the university?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition to the zamboni unveiled?
what is the new addition to?
where did lindsayell have a scheduled performance?
who asked lindsayell not to come bc of her personal life?
what type of hack did merck confirm our company's computer network was compromised?
who sang the national anthem at the lildickytweets concert?
what is james harbaugh singing at the lildickytweets concert?
who performed'smelly cat'?
what did lisa kudrow perform?
how long ago would arie have said?
who is arie excited to watch?
what does the tweeter say about the fuse?
what is the important 1 that needs to be had?
what does kerry washington say about KWs cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye do when he stands up?
who does kyrie give his first Celtics jersey?
what did kyrieirving hand his dad?
where is he taking this season?
who is aking this season to the malaysia?
who is the chief strategiest?
when was the new colossus added to the statue of liberty?
when was the new colossus used to raise funds for the statue of liberty?
who did one of the most despicable things he's ever seen happen on tv, reality or otherwise?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who is the mayor of?
who threatens a professor?
what does the media decry?
what makes me wish he was an american?
what does he wish he was?
who was busy cashing the 80 million video game check?
what was kim kim kardashian doing?
who is here at the edsheeran show?
what color is tom hiddleston wearing?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who doesn't have to wear a dress tonight?
when does michael roston say you don't have to wear the dress?
who goes 5th?
who is mike dal colle's team ranked 6th?
who is already tired of taylor swift and who's relationship?
how long has nick been tired of taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is r.i.p?
who are the kindest people you could ever hope to meet?
where did bill keveney have a rock star arrival?
who has a rock star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who is a good role model?
what kind of role model is kelly xu?
who is her generation's gay icon?
what isn't an explicit and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many people are killed?
who did the offensive fouls go down?
how many offensive fouls did marc d'amico have?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did a jury deliberate longer in the cosby case?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
who does capitol uk have an amazing history of?
who is emma happy to show all of them the teaser poster for?
who is happy to show all of you a teaser poster for beauty and the beast?
what awards season are women nominated for?
what kind of exchange did behs chargers exchange?
who did behs chargers soccer tweet about?
how long was coldplay traded for?
how long would you have traded coldplay for?
what country is the trip to?
who is living his best life at this ed sheeran concert?
what did blakeshelton do in his life?
where did blakeshelton spend an entire day?
how long is the eurovision?
who is europe less hung up about gay stuff than?
where did a bunch of us go?
who died so we could see that was his mission?
who's logo was fixed?
how much money did milio receive?
what did katieledecky get through the medal detector?
who did mlb take to get through the medal detector?
who was a good man?
who is anton elchin thanks for?
who has the goods?
who is confronting its role in the world?
what did allyslikeastar read?
who did ally likeastar read the r-word?
who is saturday night live on?
what does nbcsnl see?
who is lin-manuel full of?
how does lin-manuel feel about you?
what did the president effectively ask senate for?
where did the president ask senate for his resignation?
who did martha stewart illuminate one tree for?
what is martha stewart celebrating?
who must be laughing more at the negative press?
what are the russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
who did the queen and members of the royal family stand on the balcony of buckingham palace?
what is the haul?
what does kukkatori print?
what does cookie's fur match theshoe the best?
what match did cookie's fur match?
what is zac efron watching?
where does zac efron live?
what does bernie sanders welcome?
who does bernie sanders not want the support of?
what color is ron coogler directing?
where is sam smith's heart?
what is sam smith's heart with?
who drew her signature smile after her best bar routine?
what did simon biles flash her signature smile after?
what does john green say he won't use in a book or elsewhere?
what is the word not used in a book or elsewhere?
who is a great reminder from?
what color should you wear if you are not able to strike?
who is daniel daniel bad for?
who is daniel daniel daniel playing?
who arrived in london?
where did john just arrive in london?
how many goals did the team score in the 3rd period?
what time span did the predators score?
who is the cover star?
how long is the issue?
who spoke in harvard's @jfkjrforum?
when did trey grayson say senrand paul will speak in harvard's @fkjrforum
who is olivia from?
who is from the bachelor?
what is ryan thankful for?
who is rebecca jimmy happy with?
how many gilmore girls are in the timeline?
who had a dream so we could one day make ours come true?
what day did tyra banks wish we could one?
who supports the c olympics?
who will support you?
what is world's top selling watch?
who is apple watch ahead of?
who broke the third rule of dua lipa?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who recorded "after everything I've done for you"?
who is rachel bloom a genius?
what must the internet remain?
what did he sign an executive order to protect?
who does toya's heart go out to?
who is leaking to the press?
who does james comey leak to?
what did jordansdiamonds support and campaign for?
what does jordan's words mean?
where is dr drake from?
what song is dr dr king on?
what is he doing when you think things can't get?
where did carly mallenbaum taste what we're seeing at the starwars fan concert?
who is carly seeing at the sdcc 2?
who is reportedly open to moving out of the 1st pick?
what are the texans open to?
what color does ceelo look like?
who did she call her grandmother and thank her for the birthday card?
how much did she call her grandmother and thank her for the birthday card and twenty dollars yet 1?
who can come to an agreement with us hockey?
when was the anthem released?
what was the anthem to a friend she lost to?
who is rob smith lecturing?
what would martin luther king jr have done?
what is justin bieber doing right now?
what is justin beiber watching?
who is trump's presidential candidate?
who was unnecessary?
who did ed sheeran say was unnecessary?
who was harassed by trump supporters?
who harassed a muslim student?
what did jay walker want to get on the 7 line web site?
what does he want to do to get his tattoo on the 7 line web site?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what is he rebooting back to the future with?
who wants to go home?
how many islands does donald trump want to go home?
who is the 9th catcher interference this season?
when did jacoby ellsbury record his 9th catcher interference?
what did cruelty never make anyone?
what did madonna do with rosie?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what is rob lowe looking for in a movie?
what is the new hero in town?
where did bon jovi vote for us to be?
what does bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what will jimmy douin play on tonight?
who does lena love?
what does lena dunham not wear?
how long was jason demers excited to be part of the sharks organization?
what organization is jason demers a part of?
who is the walking dead partnering with?
what are people trying to recreate the photo of drake?
what show is this important update from?
how long is this important update?
who is eb confused at?
what does eb want to put out?
what is chelsea jones singing here?
what did the member of the tenors just hold?
who is kerry mahony talking about?
who is elizabeth using phrases like slob kabob and unleashing your khaleesi?
who is maeve mcdermott wearing a TIMESUP rose?
what is maeve mcdermott wearing?
what does lady gaga not need?
what does lady gaga think she is doing?
what makes arie excited?
what does danko jones want to do?
what did kanye jokes like?
what kind of ology accepted?
what does everyone make?
who is trump running?
who did billie jean king say ited for you and alexisohanian?
what does billie jean king want her to do?
what sport did mike mazzeo play?
what did the officials think was a foul?
what is elaine degeneres happy with?
who is egeneres thankful for?
who did megan walker make the decision between?
who made the decision between us, ND and uconn?
who does this happen to?
when does this happen to black women?
what are the two things that lefou has a "gay moment" in?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who understood the importance of this issue?
what is the u.s. opinion about?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who had a glass of wine?
what did sergio garcia drink last night?
who has been snubbed?
what are you covered with?
what is the name of the band?
who is sporting her natural hair as a Domino?
what is zazie sporting?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what did trump ask megynkelly about?
what beer is safe and sound in amb doer's office?
who is using the white house beer?
what do the americans need to know?
what are the colors you need to know?
who did the restaurant menu print?
what is the world's menu print business?
who did he try to not make this about?
what did he try to not make this about?
who is the giant herd of?
what is mallenbaum making our way to?
who is inspired by?
who is being cast in rinkle in time?
who should tmobile custs return to stores asap?
what will bring you back a copy?
who is in russia?
who does anze kopitar arrive at his home rink?
where did anze kospitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
when is regina gatti trending?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the mocrats?
what is ohio done with?
what kind of series is the nba producing?
what do you get once in your life to laugh at someone's horrible musfortune?
what is the reason for the free pass?
who did matt lucas always depend on?
who did matt lucas always depend on?
who is chris hemsworth talking about?
who is algadot asking?
who is putting up shots in l.a.?
where is gregory hayward putting up shots?
who should carry an acoustic guitar more often?
how many awards does jtimberlake receive?
who had a heart attack?
what did gloria r. r. martin have?
who was the heart and engine of the great show?
who is bernie marsden on the road with?
what did mike ricks do while entering canada?
where was mike richards charged for possession of controlled substance?
what should nobody in their right mind do about curry?
what does baron davis want to do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family make the trip?
who made the trip to adreian payne?
who played the dancing abc stage tonight?
what is mr drew scott doing?
who did the concert give an honourary decoration to?
who did the concert do an amazing service to?
who drops the microphone?
where does a president drop the microphone?
what would celebs make to get retweets?
who will always love you?
what was the caged?
what did harry, ginsny and albus do?
who are they talking about?
what is las vegas' dream?
how does rachel lindsay feel about the snakes?
how often does she keep grass cut low?
what is kim keeping a secret?
what kind of person is NICKI MINa?
what will he write for?
what does shannon purser have about it?
what can be scary?
who is jay z talking about?
what is jay z's mini series with?
what will be gone fast?
who is giving a pair of limited editions?
where did he leave the three states he has yet to visit?
who leaves three states he has yet to visit?
who stepped out in a jimmy packham dress?
what does the duchess of cambridge love?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who is robert wilson's baseball agent?
who won a taylor?
who won a taylor?
where are the protests taking place?
what did melania trump think of protests?
who is paris blue tweeting about?
who does paris blue want to tch me nae nae nae nae?
what series is eugene mirman on?
what revival news has given ghully wilson new life?
what has he given him?
what did rihanna do each year?
where was rihanna slaughtered?
how fast does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses are drinking?
where is he playing today?
who is playing in the pro-am today?
what should you do?
what is the mcnugga?
who's fan base is gay men?
who is ariana's fan base?
what did nicki do outside with her brothers?
where did nicki come from?
what can people be taught to?
what must people learn to do?
who did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who is missing the golden globes?
what is corinne foxx able to announce?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
who did jose manuel calderon wake up every morning and find out about this kind of news?
what does chrissy teigen call this?
who does chrissy teigen call the short skirt?
what did jogi ferrell make tom crean run for every turnover?
who credits improved assist to to ratio to tom crean?
what race has an emmy NOMINATION?
who is bringing calyn home?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is a dear friend laughing hysterically?
who does donald trump refuse to call a bimbo?
what does donald trump only call megyn kelly?
why is brad paul happy?
what does he not mean?
what does he just LISTEN to?
what are citizens appealing to?
who should be thanking for the image of the night?
why is violence unnecessary from the white nationalists and those that want to punch a nazi?
what is an angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do?
what is kelechne okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when does kelechne okafor hite british?
who adds a little gay to their tale?
what are they adding a little gay to their tale?
where was the high turnout of black women?
who was the high turnout of in alabama's senate election?
who sent a video message to tracee ellis ross?
what does charlie obama celebrate?
how long did the new isles goal horn arrive?
what is the name of the goalhorn?
who is the guy who likes to make a trump burger?
which cafe creates a trump burger for the guy who likes to ham it up?
what is sean mcElwee talking about?
what does sean seize?
who had a salt-and-pepper haired, gap toothed baby?
what did mcdreamy have a salt-and-pepper haired?
what does giphy know about love?
who is giphy tweeting about love?
what is lebron driving?
who did lebron drive a kia?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is the next bachelor?
who is incorporated into a wilson's world skit?
when is kanye west incorporated into a Wayne's world skit?
who will play comey in the movie?
when was the movie released?
what was his dad's battle with?
how many people are in pain?
who announced her retirement?
how long is Cathy lanier's retirement?
what march is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
where is the march in march?
what does kristen styre introduce?
who introduces a short film?
what is the lesson about black turnout today in alabama?
where was the black turnout today?
who is the author of @patryanwriting?
who has the creativity in their hearts and their souls?
who is kim kardashian's candy shop?
what does kim not play with?
what is the way they run to?
what is the way people run to each other?
who is unraveling psychologically/emotionally?
what is lebron coming unhinged?
what does tyrann mathieu want to do?
what happened to tyrann mathieu?
what sport is the best?
what did chris paul fight for?
what does daughter get a block from school?
what did patty arquette say she was nominated for?
what can we do to personalize shopping?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on the new law & order SVU?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is dewey october stopped by?
what did the cops say next time he gets stopped by?
who is niall horan going to miss?
what is the nicest family on?
what does mrs. mccain say good did not win this election?
who did patriots RB win over?
what is every day when he has the best mom in the world?
what is seacrest's number one?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together?
who did coach bylsma say he will use together on a line?
what should donald trump receive?
how many "tapes" of people colluding?
where did students take the campus to protest racist graffiti?
what did students take the campus to protest?
who is framed by pat Quinn Way & Griffiths Way?
who will rogersarena be framed by?
what demographic are steph curry and under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who asked for a song to release on christmas?
what was eleric mayhem asking for?
what did nott jmiller work?
when will nott jmiller join him?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a 657 word message?
who did obama joke to?
where did obama joke to trudeau?
what app does wil use to meet people and have dates?
what does wil use the app to do?
what needs to be a massive expansion of retraining and counseling?
who needs to be retraining and counseling provided to?
what did lzhernandez and iam vac dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes police reform possible?
what does james poirier outlaw?
where was the bus located?
where is jsu able to tell us who was on the bus or why it was in london area?
who does not want to send them to?
where are the deaththreats going overboard?
who doesn't get it?
what is hilary clinton saying is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
what is the best day of their lives?
what did lauren cosgrove3 thank everyone for?
who did lin-manuel play this for?
what did lin-manuel say when he played this?
what does ethan put?
what is the hospital in hospital?
who is she interviewing?
who is interviewing mrs. dancerie?
who say there's discrimination against whites because of race?
why is discrimination against whites?
what do we become silent about?
who said: "our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter"?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who hasn't wanted to punch jennifer?
what is mandy moore doing right now?
what is mandy moore trying to do?
who put bigger onus on the olympics?
who does jeff zillgitt think puts bigger onus on the olympics?
who showed up to the iranhas3DPuck game?
what did the kane guy do?
what did dubinsky sign for upcoming season?
how long did dubinsky have a no-move clause?
who is the best place to find a lover?
where does ed sheeran go?
what would he enjoy more if hery cavill's mustache keeps appearing?
who's mustache is disappearing throughout the movie?
what does krysilove like now?
what is the only grease that krysilove likes?
who hosts teamheads together runners?
where did the duchess of hampshire host teamheads together runners?
what does steviex bucky think about?
where are kids growing up?
who did feisty obama give the same no arms hug?
how long is the latest "improvement"?
what did apple do after the latest "improvement"?
who is kristian nairn sharing her cake with?
what is kristian nairn sharing his cake with?
who is mangold's friend?
who does jabari love?
who did gibbons lift his arm up?
what has he been getting a hard time about not celebrating?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what are a black-eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give kanye a career?
what is kanye going to give kanye?
what does sarah silverman want someone to give her?
what did sarah silverman give to her?
when was ed sheeran made an MBE?
who made ed sheeran an MBE?
who beat west virginia by 10?
how many points did alabama beat west virginia?
who is nikki kreuzer talking about?
who conducts orchestra?
what was found on the side of king hall?
where was the hate speech found?
when did the party happen?
who didn't throw a party?
what is the name of the album?
when did the album take a village?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
what type of people were killed in california this month?
what ports did ivy park try on?
where did cara anne kelly try on everything she could grab from?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at her dinner?
who's plans are being discussed?
what is jimmy kardashian being treated?
who hit hard on lester and lackey?
who is getting hit hard on lester and lackey?
what does chrissy miss?
who does chrissy miss empathy for?
who's cabinet belongs to?
what kind of rack did trump get?
who is conan o'brien talking about?
who did nickkroll replace?
what will the border patrol officer do?
who does the tweeter say it is DOWN to?
who does andy henry say it is DOWN to?
who took a stick to the face?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face?
who is the author of the campaign book?
where is shia labeouf growing up?
who is enjoying the holiday season?
what does iggy azalea feel about the holiday season?
who is amandla thanking for reminding us of our strength?
what is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
who flies through the air as her theme song plays?
who did the theme song save?
who is losing it that mr. mustaine is gone?
who is down blake in 7 OT's?
when did chelsea wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up in the middle of the night?
what is the name of the world holding kanye down?
who holds kanye down?
who did rory have an actual conversation with?
who are they talking about?
what is her favorite part of justice league?
what is the name of the aircraft that is being introduced?
who is the newest custom-painted aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
who is the dancing guy living his best super bowl?
how tall is kim kim's ass?
what is kim kim's ass doing for him and his family?
what kind of attack did arine sharpshooter everitt aaron jameson do?
who did jean eric vergne want to do?
who does jean eric vergne want to pray for?
who will always remember this powerful performance?
where was the first stand alone store?
who is chatting with in sjp's first stand alone store?
what is priyanka thanking for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what did zoe saldana do?
who is casting and darkening her skin?
who will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will we be able to hew out of?
tweet did not show ld've risen above?
tweet did not show ld've risen above?
what movie did zoltan mesko not see?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
who were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm?
how long has deray been in the cell?
what does deray mckesson think if you want to test a man's character, give him?
what year is the issue?
who is the summer issue starring?
who shared island recordings and a love for music?
what did melissa etheridge share with doloriordan?
who is benedict cumberbatch and ditzkoff?
what does benedict cumberbatch do?
who is right?
what does ambassador rice want to do?
what does cos ican live for?
who does he live for?
where did the penguins live look in?
what does the penguins want to do in the locker room?
who is feeling confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
what song is harry the biggest larrie out there?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does everyone need?
where is the hospicio de san jones?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
what does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
what is scott sabol growing his beard until?
why is scott growing his beard?
who does donna ray think prayers go out to?
who is the family of?
who sees people in his mentions who think he's @marshh54?
how does kathleen feel when @marshall gets on twitter and sees the people in his mentions who think he's
who did ekkelly wish he looked like?
what did erin wish he looked like?
who does erni go to?
what are the results, birth certificates, and family records?
what was the fire that occurred?
who did p.k. subban spend yesterday with?
why did racist tweets not affect p.k. subban?
what is happening every morning?
what does this need to do?
who floored halsey?
what does halsey love gaga?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who shared the stage with ming xi?
how many characters was used to define nick's point of view?
how many characters does nick jonas want to share?
what is one thing he doesn't do?
what happened to the boyfriends?
who booed a minute of silence for paris attacks?
who did the fans boo minute of silence for paris attacks?
when is coldplay performing their hit song?
what is luke bryan excited to perform on nfl's biggest stage?
where is the national anthem performed?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what color are the roads lined with?
what are black people cheering?
who does he want to be like when he grows up?
when does he grow?
what should you send if you're still up and reading this?
who is kim kardashian tweeting about?
what does leanne rimes need to pull up for?
who is leanne giving up for?
what does liam take advantage of?
what is prince doing at?
who is prince doing "baltimore" at rally4peace?
where did renaud lavoie realize the meeting was?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to go back?
what song did eltonjohn play at the sunset strip concert?
where did eltonjohn play a blue wonderful song?
what is he writing?
who wrote a bill to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
who is evelyn talking about?
who is playing a trans woman?
who is tearing up the community?
who should condemn these acts of violence?
who loses it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who thought, "wow, you look familiar?"
if someone looked familiar, what would you look?
who was there when texas needed him?
what kind of art was @jjjwatt honored to help make possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the plane land?
who is brian truitt talking about?
what is old tro known as?
who did donald trump win every poll of the debate?
what did frank luntz win?
what gets a 10tho right?
how many kisses gets?
who returned to 8h* with a special message?
who did tina fey send a special message for?
what type of carpet did sonia see?
what kind of carpet did sonia see?
where is he going to live?
who can y'all have for a president if you want?
what has sold out?
what did kim kardashian say now the LIGHT has sold out?
what kind of talent did anton elchin have?
when did anton elchin pass?
who does not recall who's been naughty or nice?
what does he not recall?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
who does rex huppke want to tell about his hall of presidents figure?
who did trump react to?
what did he do to do a retake bc?
when did simone biles kiss him?
who has time to do the right thing?
when will angela eagle not announce?
who is aisha taylor wearing an outfit?
what is jimmy timberlake wearing in a goodwill donation bag?
who doesn't care about black people?
what did kalandria brown think of trump?
what did rob post about blake chyna?
what did rob post nudes?
who is rep sanford talking about?
who does frank thorp think the cabinet needs to look like a benetton commercial?
who is the ultimate it girl?
what does hailey baldwin's shoot for?
what did someone leave?
where did someone leave a waterbottle?
where did she go back?
who is trending over brangelina's divorce?
who is this tweet about?
who is on the net?
who has god in steph's life?
what does steph have in his life?
who is allan walsha talking with?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many catches did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the cauldron?
who is diddy asking everyone to donate?
who slams face into bathroom counter while getting ready?
where does cattie hallway slam face into?
who saved the met gala?
what does rihanna save every time?
where was bill mcconnell seen?
when did bill mcconnell see the oscars bar?
who did brianna yellen thank?
what did brianna yellen thank vb biden and mariska for?
what can't lin-manuel stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel's mom do?
where did he see him?
who did he get?
how many people texted marissa asking her if she saw pizza rat is alarming?
what is the amount of people who texted marissa asking me if i saw pizza rat is alarming?
who is sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
how is poppy mclaren feeling about sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
what kind of people hange the world?
what group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world?
how many hockey jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
what kind of hockey jerseys does eric stangel want to buy?
where was the wrong person arrested?
who messed with the wrong one?
who closed the deal to play comey?
who did kyle chandler play in america crime story?
where is steven samkos showing good power?
what has kylie jenner realized in 2016?
what is to zoe saldana?
who has never felt more solidarity with?
when does jon levine feel more solidarity with ann coulter than he does?
what kind of plea is bill o'brien giving?
who does bill o'brien believe would like to work with?
where is jussie smollett?
who does jussie smollett love?
what kind of video is being set to #reunion?
what year is the class of reunion?
how many years has she taken a break from making movies?
what does he think she can't say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what is being done?
who is the tweeter referring to?
what is oprah doing?
where was christian wood growing up?
how did christian wood feel about his brother?
what does snoop dogg give away?
where is snoop dogg giving his blunt to a witch?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many general manager is jeff gorton?
who is rooting for carly mallenbaum?
who did carly mallenbaum say was rooting for?
who has been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump?
who told the mayor of san jimmy that you must be nasty to trump?
who is drake congratulating?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to the starwars cast?
who did the prince and prince harry say hi to?
when will mammoth be open daily?
when will mammoth be open?
what did he open up a statewide hotline number?
what does this state celebrate?
who is being welcomed to the red carpet?
who is welcoming our troops to the red carpet?
who does marcus love?
when does he love this polite man?
who tulated me on a great speech?
what did donald trump just congratulate me?
who takes to the skies for an aircadets flight simulator training session?
what is the duchess taking to the skies?
where did katy perry put her music back?
what is katy perry doing tonight?
who does josh wonder why we don't like?
what is john krasinski thanking for?
what did john find after the picture was taken?
who is mad at this dude lmaooo?
where is josh eating the tiniest cookie?
what is josh groban doing to beyonce?
what does jimmie johnson have a chance to honor?
what sport does jimmie johnson have a chance to honor?
what did jason aldean say we couldnt be happier to add to?
what does this year get?
how many ex-Googlers were founded?
what is audacity to name it?
who's win streak ends at 22?
how many wins does the indians win streak end?
what does joe hope u kids don't make erous?
what is running up to ppl's homes a thing?
where did the fire occur?
how many people were on board the casino boat?