who has the most to lose?
what deflated as much as new england patriots footballs?
what does john d. sutter think of the endangeredriver?
what is a sexy bastard in this channel?
who answered kemba's floater with a three?
how many balls are in the game?
what was the score of the monstars basketball game?
what did giggins answer with a three?
what type of star is he?
what was the name of the event?
who is adam davis tweeting to?
what does adam davis want to eat at the pizza?
who is looking good in practice?
when is tsonga looking good in practice?
what mall was mukuria's favorite mall?
what mall was mukuria chege shopping at?
what type of inmates were in the photo?
what did andrew cuomo look at in the photo?
what is yblume excited about?
when did judy blume start researching the novel?
who is elizabeth warren congratulating?
who does elizabeth warren think is being bullied?
what does rand paul resolve to do?
what does rand paul want to do with his words?
what does a progressive populist candidate do?
what is emilia claudia referring to at the mmys?
who is going to celebrate the game of thrones win?
who is the luckiest happiest girl in the universe?
where is the luckiest happiest girl?
who is @jebbush giving 5 stars to?
why is jeb bush giving @jimmykimmel 5 stars?
who did lenny kravitz say passed away?
what instrument did lenny kravitz play?
what position does he ace?
how far did he ace the 15th?
who does tim howard want to go out as a champ?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who is john colapinto tweeting to?
who is john colapinto tweeting to?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like my blog calling her fat?
what will the new york mets wear today?
who is the nypd honoring?
what happened to giancarlo?
what does melania trump say about donald trump?
who said "donald gets things done"?
how far is belgium camp from the canceled game at us base?
what did klinsmann not offer to use?
who's death made jay sean sick?
how old was paul walker when he died?
when does dffpilms1 want to wait until they are old enough to vote?
who is dfpfilms1 talking to?
what two shows were mentioned in the tweet?
when was breaking bad tv show?
who does lebron james not have a meeting set with?
what channel does windhorst tweet from?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take amber and her friend?
what is russia trying to do?
who does lindsey graham think you don't have to be to figure out what russia is up to?
what is the name of the outage?
what country is affected?
who is releasing super hero girls?
what is the new name of the super hero girls?
who does colu go out of his way to find on podcasts?
what does greg cosell enjoy listening to?
who did charles ramsey rescue?
where did charles ramsay help rescue amanda berry?
what hashtag does alexa penavega use in her tweet?
how does alexa feel about david assidy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
who is the ice cream store that is now a cafe?
who is jemmye carroll tweeting to?
how did knight_mtv jemmye carroll die?
who manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
what does franklin harris think is a prequel to MAN OF STEEL?
who is paying homage?
who is he paying homage to?
where was the photo taken?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
what did leslie jones get two ways to watch?
where is the olympics?
what is the re-imagined "do ya think im sexy?"
who is dnce partnering with?
what can trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did lauren meet in one day?
who waits in the parking lot?
where are the office workers?
what is the name of the 14th storm of the 2017 season?
how many atlantic named storms in 2017 season?
what did not a single man accept?
what color is the tuxedo?
what does keegan allen say about appens?
what kind of stuff has been gone for 15 years?
how much money goes to charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who is the turkish president?
what does turkish president erdogan not get to export?
what is aprie wearing at work?
when is aprie grudier freezing?
who spent half her life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of her life did patty spend with a transgender sister?
who posted a video of him on ellentube?
where did ellen degeneres post the video?
who does liam say he likes the show?
what does liam love when families stick together?
what does cher want people to do?
what is swiss army man trolling the audience for?
where is swiss army man from?
where is izureen going to die?
what is the question asked?
who attacked hillary clinton on a 94 crime bill?
what did hillary clinton support?
who did carly mallenbaum show with?
what did the song do?
who didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone say ryan didn't save?
where will john legere take his rants?
what did john legere do with his rants?
why is cara delevingne upset?
what would happen if cara wasn't able to vent?
who just acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
what did m&g propose to sarah?
who is a trump supporter?
who were the killed in paris attacks?
what nationality of fans booed a minute of silence?
where is this special night?
who is getting inducted into the uk athletics hall of fame?
who is @bassellalsad shooing away?
what did bassellalsad wear this summer?
what is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign?
what is melissa mccartney/sean spicer riding on?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
who will see the glory of the Lord?
what does staples want you to do?
what kind of prize pack does the tweeter want you to win?
who is the author of this tweet?
what can do that?
who is clock running for?
who is donald trump's running mate?
what is arie trying to comfort someone while they tell?
who is trying to comfort someone?
what is reese witherspoon talking about?
who is reese witherspoon snuggling with?
who are they mad at?
who isn't his main priority?
who took a nosedive in recent years?
who did discovery take a nosedive in recent years?
what app has been deleted?
what did dani delete?
who won't sleep until she knows how the person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who is it amazing to see back in action?
what is fantastic in star wars: the last jedi?
who's statements were known to be false?
who filed the complaint?
who passed away?
who was mike nichols compared to?
why is he leaving?
what did iggy azalea say jordan feldstein was?
what city is naturally segregated?
what race are the people in chicago?
who said "we are the change that we seek"?
what day is being celebrated?
where did the police arrest kim hjelmgaard?
why did macedonian military police try to arrest kim hjelmgaard?
what is james harrison talking about?
who sang the song "anyone on my team sits for anthem, they better be in a wheelchair"?
who did simone biles kiss?
where did zac efron kiss simone biles?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did usatoday find out about 9/11?
what can't they wait for?
where are the thinkpieces from?
what did affoundation say was over?
how long has nick jonas been making this record?
what has nick jonas been making for a year and a half?
what country did donald trump say is happening?
what channel was the story broadcast on?
how much of a lead does steven bowditch have?
where is steven bowditch going?
what does paul bissonnette play with?
what does paul bissonnette want gm's to feel?
what did evrett edwards plant?
where did evrett edwards plant the iowa flag?
what is the new service called?
what is the job of a president to do?
what does trump believe in?
who gave insight about working on harry potter play?
what did paul, noma and cherrelle work on?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
how is mike shinoda feeling?
who has a few ideas brewing for batgirl?
what is joss whedon brewing ideas for?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who crashed a photography session in nashville this weekend?
where should you go to during #capssens?
who did the red wings not believe they would get?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
who makes zayn name one of the shoes?
who has a shoe collection?
what is paul f. tompkins looking at?
what will the crowd know?
what did questlove spin?
who mentioned questlove just spinning "boogieman"?
who is driving the students around?
what did matthew mcconaughey do with his students?
who wrote this tweet?
what is blank space taken to?
what does nyasha think anyone who can keep a straight face while mrs. j. blige is singing
where did katyperry pull up to?
where did the prank take place?
who did bill hader prank at iroquois high school?
who is unsure if he will need surgery on his elbow?
what is pending on malkin's elbow?
what does michael keaton call hidden?
who called 'hidden figures'?
how many people asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what did people ask why a korean group was playing?
what is tony cest feeling?
who did the queen meet at whipsnade?
what does bette lynch think about the crowds?
what strike took place in downtown boston?
where is the picketing located?
who has a lockerroom set for player's arrival?
where is team usa waiting for player's arrival?
who is mandy moore proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about sterling brown?
what is coming to an end?
how does mdaily feel about the tig's end?
where is monika standing in line with chara to use?
what year did monika bittner say it was unreal?
where is traffic set up?
what will john boyega film?
what tour is gwen excited for?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what do you have if you're a member of the beyhive?
what is a member of?
what is lebron james proud to have?
who does ramon herencia have a tattoo of?
what country's amber waves are from?
what are the most popular in the united states?
who wrote this tweet?
who is the worst airline in america?
who plays nick kroll's brother?
what prop is being referenced?
who is cancelling all appearances at the mostate fair?
why is the governor canceling all appearances at the mostate fair?
who was drake dancing with?
what was drake dancing like in his music video?
who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
what is shia labeouf interested in?
when is he getting up shots?
where did they bring paul?
what show is paul on?
what did gal gadot wear on her wonder woman press tour?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
what is ovechkin watching?
who is releasing music together?
what are selena & abel releasing?
whose story looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what band does trevor story belong to?
what color is the ensemble?
who does beyonce's wax figure look like?
what causes travel headaches and impact plans?
where are the rain and storms expected to affect memorial day plans?
who took the photos from the cover shoot?
who did kim kardashian shoot for?
who are the coyotes getting asked about?
who is getting attention in ari?
what is brian truitt tweeting about?
what kind of characters does black panther have?
what did ellen forget?
where has ellen degeneres not been allowed in?
who doesn't see color?
what organization is chris brown talking about?
who will chris brown's donation go to?
who did kevin durant score against tonight?
who did earvin magic johnson hope was watching?
where did the eagles of death metal make a triumphant return to?
who performed at the eagles of death metal concert?
who is octavia spencer going to miss?
what will octavia spencer miss?
who is kevin hart challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many points are being challenged to?
who does rachel handler want to know if she has arms?
who loved/lived to act?
what could stop doris roberts?
who is on ice?
when was dustin told to trade?
who is justin bieber thanking?
what did justin bieber say about the nrjawards 2015?
what does tim burchett think about the decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition unveiled?
what is the name of the new addition to the peeps?
where was the performance scheduled to take place?
who asked lindsay ell not to come?
what happened to merck's computer network?
who is singing the national anthem?
what was jim harbaugh singing at the @lildickytweets concert?
who did taylor swift get to perform smelly cat?
what song did lisa kudrow perform?
when would the bachelor lady have said "i'm so excited to watch arie as #thebachelor"?
what is arie playing?
what does trinity bramhall say about calling muggle no-maj?
what is kerry thanking for?
how does kerry washington feel about the cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye only sound like when he stands up?
who does kyrie irving hand a jersey to?
what does he hand his dad?
where is he taking this season?
who is aking this season to the maks?
who is the chief strategist?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
who did one of the most despicable things he've ever seen happen on tv?
how many people were wounded in the terror attack?
who said there is no reason to be alarmed?
who did mike cernovich say threatened a professor?
what will the media decry?
what makes me wish i was an american?
what does he wish he was?
who is late to the party?
why is she late to the party?
who is sipping from a red solo cup?
what color is tom hiddleston's cup?
where is the studio located?
where is the studio located?
who does michael roston think is young?
what does the pope say you don't have to wear the dress to?
who goes 5th?
who is ranked 6th?
who is taylor swift's relationship with?
how long did nick know about taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is ryan adams thinking about?
who did ryan adams meet with?
what panel did bill murray have a rock-star arrival at?
who has a rock-star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who does kelly xu think is a very good role model?
what type of role model is kelly xu?
who does billboard think is her generation's gay icon?
what isn't an explicitly and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many bike gangs die in a brawl?
who were the offensive fouls on?
how many offensive fouls did harden get on inbound plays?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did the jury deliberate longer than in the cosby case?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
who does capitol uk have an amazing history of?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is the teaser poster for?
what awards are women nominated for?
what kind of exchange took place?
who pleads case to center?
how long was coldplay traded for?
what would you have traded for?
where did tom hiddleston live his best life?
who is living his best life at an ed sheeran concert?
what did blakes shelton talk through?
where did blakes shelton spend an entire day?
how many years of eurovision did glen weldon have?
who is less hung up about gay stuff than europe?
where did a bunch of us go?
who had a vision?
who's logo was fixed?
how much did milo receive a book deal?
what metal detector did katieledecky get through?
who did it take to get through the detector?
who was a good man?
who is anton yelchin thanks for?
what movie is rebecca keegan tweeting about?
what is the story about?
what did allys like a star read?
what was good until i read the r-word?
who is saturday night live broadcasting on?
what does saturday night live show?
what is ny strong and full of?
how does lin-manuel feel about new york?
what did the president ask for?
what newspaper is this tweet from?
who did martha stewart illuminate one tree for?
what holiday is martha stewart celebrating?
who must be laughing more?
what are the russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand?
who is on the balcony of buckingham palace?
what is the hashtag used in the tweet?
what type of dress is in the picture?
what does empire want to forget?
what does cookie's fur match?
what is zac efron watching?
where does zac efron want to dominate?
what does bernie sanders welcome?
what class are mcadam, immelt and their friends in?
what movie is ryan coogler directing?
where is sam smith from?
what is sam smith's heart with the victims and their loved ones?
who did nbc olympics tweet about?
what was simone biles doing after the olympics?
what won't john green use in a book?
where is the word "allyslikeastar" not?
who is this tweet from?
what color did kerry washington wear on tuesday?
what movie is han solo a part of?
what is the name of the donald glover movie?
who just arrived in london?
why did they arrive in london?
what team scored 3 goals in the 3rd period?
how many goals did the predators score in a 2:19 time span?
who is the cover star?
what issue hits 3/15?
who is speaking at harvard's jfkjrforum?
when is the harvard jfkjr forum?
what show is olympics from?
who does hannah callender think is from the bachelor?
who is vancity reynolds thankful for?
what is rebecca michelson's timeline about?
what makes rebecca michelleson giddy?
who had a dream?
what day did he have a dream about?
who does kdtrey5 and deandrejordan6 support?
who does nbc olympics want you to support?
what is the world's top selling watch?
who is apple's top selling watch ahead of?
what gender is selena gomez's ex?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who is recording "after everything i've done for you"?
who is dll chanel?
what must the internet remain?
what did andrew cuomo sign an executive order to protect?
who does toya wright's heart go out to?
who should hope there are no "tapes" of our conversations?
who should james comey start leaking to?
what type of ticket did jordan support?
what does jordan think of jordan's support for the most anti-lgbt+ presidential ticket?
where is drake from?
what is drake's song called?
what does pope think when he thinks things can't get any better?
where is the star wars fan concert?
who is carly talking about?
who is open to moving out of the 1st pick?
what are the texans open to?
what color is ceelo?
who is charlotte wilder thanking for the birthday card?
how much did the birthday card cost?
who does meruziano wish good luck to?
when did janet release together again?
what did janet release an anthem to a friend she lost to?
who is rob schneider lecturing?
what is rob schneider lecturing on?
what is the surprise?
what can you watch?
who referred to lies as "alternative facts"?
who was unnecessary?
what show is ed sheeran on?
what religion is the student that attends kal-el's college?
who was harassing a muslim student?
what team is jay walker tweeting about?
how can he get his tattoo?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what is paul feig rebooting back to the future with?
who wants nicki minaj to go home?
how many people are talking about this tweet?
who has his 9th catcher interference this season?
when did @jacobyellisbury record his 9th catcher interference this season?
what did cruelty never make someone?
what did madonna say to girl rosie?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
who is in the movie that delivers?
what is the new hero in town?
where did fans vote for bon jovi to be?
what did bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what does cooper say drouin will do?
who does lena love?
what does lena may or may not wear?
how long is jason demers excited to be a part of the sharks organization?
who is jason demers a part of?
who is the walking dead partnering with?
what did drake university put down to assure a quality photo?
who's show is the important update from?
how long did it take to see the view?
who is eb confused about?
what is timberlake going to put out?
what was the member of the tenors singing?
what did the member of the tenors do?
who is using phrases like slob kabob and unleashing your khaleesi?
who is elizabeth talking about?
who did reba transform into?
what did maeve mcdermott say reba is wearing?
what does lady gaga not need?
what kind of dream is lady gaga referring to?
what makes arie excited?
what is danko jones saying?
what are the jokes like?
what did cnn do right?
what does everyone make?
what is donald trump running?
who is billie jean king tweeting about?
how does billie jean king want @serenawilliams and @alexisohanian to be treated?
what sport does mike mazeo play?
what did plumlee say was a win for the nets?
what holiday is ellen degeneres celebrating?
what are they probably undercover for?
what is the decision between uconn, tucson, nd and uconn?
who was espnw's #1 in 2017?
who does this happen to?
where does this happen to black women?
what show had a gay moment?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who does summer gory-martin wish understood the importance of this issue?
what does summer gory-martin call it?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who had a glass of wine?
what did @thesergiogarcia drink last night?
who has been snubbed?
what type of injuries are covered with u by kotex bandages?
what does u by kotex offer?
who is sporting her natural hair as domino?
what is zazie sporting her natural hair as?
who did donald trump say he expected better from?
what did donald trump ask megyn kelly about?
where is the beer safe and sound?
who said yes to the white house beer?
who needs to know about cardinalandgold?
what are the only colors you need to know?
what is arkit eating?
what is made with arkit doing?
who did vance try not to make this about?
what did venese not want to make?
who has landed for now?
where is the herd of star wars concert attendees?
who was cast in wrinkle in time?
who did mindy kaling cast in wrinkle in time?
who should tmobile custs return to stores asap?
what will he bring back?
who is the president in russia?
how many fans did anze kopitar greet at his home rink?
where did anze kopitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
what day is regina george trending?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the democrats smiling?
what is hbo doing with nhl?
what kind of series is hbo producing?
what do you get once in your life?
what do you get a free pass to laugh at?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
who is katie couric tweeting to?
who does katie couric think has something to ask?
who is putting up shots?
where is gordon hayward putting up shots?
who owns an acoustic guitar?
what awards show is jimberlake attending?
who had a heart attack?
what did klye think about george r.r. martin?
who was the heart and engine of the great ac/dc show?
what show was malcolm young a part of?
what was mike rachels charged for?
where was mike riley charged?
what should people not do about curry?
what does baron davis want people to do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family go?
who made the trip to msg?
who is proud of jonathan scott?
what is jonathan scott doing to honor drew scott?
who did an amazing service to the uk?
who did the concert do an amazing service to?
who drops the microphone and moves on down the road?
where does the president move?
what would celebs make to get retweets?
who does donna brazile love?
what is the caged version of maya angelou?
what is the purpose of the harry potter play?
who does pottermore introduce you to?
what is lady gaga's lifelong dream?
how does rachel lindsay describe herself?
how often does rachel lindsay cut her grass low?
what is kim doing to keep the song secret?
how does nicki feel about writing raps for young nicki?
what will nicki minaj do?
what does she have about it?
what is shannon trying to come to terms with?
what is jay z's mini series?
what is the cast of friends?
what does reince priebus want you to donate now?
who is the author of this tweet?
where is idaho?
who will mark knocker visit to idaho as?
who stepped out in a dress?
what does the duchess of cambridge love about the dress?
who is the super bowl champ and infielder?
who is russell wilson's baseball agent?
who won a tony?
who wrote this tweet?
where were the protests?
what happened during the protests?
who is the official official?
what should you watch?
what series is eugene mirman hoping to get cast on?
what revival news gave holly wilson new life?
what has gilmore girls revival news done for holly wilson?
why was rihanna put on earth?
where was rihanna slaughtered each year?
how fast does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses are being consumed?
where is he playing today?
who is tebow playing with?
what is rick and morty talking about?
what is rick and morty talking about?
who's fan base is gay men?
who is the majority of ariana's fan base?
what happened outside with her brothers?
where did nicki go after getting beat up?
what can people be taught to do if they can learn to hate?
what must people learn to do?
what did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into this?
who will be miss golden globes 2016?
what will corinne foxx be?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
what city does jose manuel calderon want to stop this nonsense?
what does chrissy teigen call this?
who calls this the short skirt?
how many turnovers did tom crean make them run?
who credits improved assist to ton ratio to tom crean?
what has an emmy nomination?
who made laura janee smile?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a bimbo?
what will he call megyn kelly?
why is he happy?
what does he mean by "he"?
what should you listen to?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is being thanked?
what does the author say about violence on either side?
who is the angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do to the angry white man?
what is kelechi okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when does kelechi okafor say "hite british"?
who added a little gay to their tale?
what is the tale as old as time?
what state is the senate election in?
who is the high turnout of in alabama's senate election?
who sent a video message to racee ellis ross?
what did michelle obama celebrate?
how long did the train not arrive?
where is the goal horn located?
what does the guy like to make up the burger?
where is the cafe located?
what meal is mentioned in the tweet?
what does sean mcelwee want to seize?
who has a salt-and-pepper haired, gap toothed baby?
what did mcdreamy have?
what we know about love is a lie?
who is giphy mourning?
what does lebron drive?
what is lebron doing when he comes home?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is the next bachelor?
who is incorporated into a wright's world skit?
when will kanye west be incorporated into a wright's world skit?
who will play comey in the movie?
what year was this tweet posted?
what did dougie caliendo's dad have a long hard battle with?
how many people liked this tweet?
who announced her retirement?
how long has Cathy lanier been with the mpd?
what is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
what country is the least embarrassing thing to happen in 6 months?
what is the short film that kristen stewart introduces?
who introduces a short film?
what is tonight's lesson?
where was the largest black turnout in obama's election?
who said women who want to be musicians would be welcome?
who does patrick ryan think it has to begin with?
who's candy shop is the sugar from?
what does kim not play with?
what are they doing to each other?
what does he think about the people running to each other?
who is unraveling psychologically/emotionally?
how is lebron unraveling?
what does she do when she calls her?
what happened to her husband and children?
what sport is the best?
what is chris neil fighting for?
what does daughter get a block from school?
what did patty hear about her daughter?
why does fabletics want to eliminate waste?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on law & order svu?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who was dewey ocean stopped by?
what did dewey ocean say when stopped by the cops?
who is niall going to miss?
what is niallofficial calling the obamas?
what did madonna say at the women's march?
who did patriots rb snaps against?
what day is ryan seacrest's number one cheerleader?
what does seacrest thank her for?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together?
who will coach bylsma use together on a line?
what should donald trump be given?
how many "tapes" of t people colluding are under a magnifying glass?
what university are the students protesting at?
what are the students protesting?
what arena is being framed?
who will rogers arena be framed by?
who are steph curry and under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who did kermit the frog ask for a song to release on christmas?
what did kermit the frog ask for?
what did nott jiller work on?
what day of the week is it?
how many words did drake write?
who wrote a 657 word iMessage?
who did obama joke to?
where is the stanley cup?
what app is wil using to meet people and have dates?
what does tinder do instead of undermining self confidence?
what does akira miele think needs to happen to the police force?
who needs retraining and counseling?
what did lzhernandez and iamvalc dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes nationwide police reform possible?
what are we outlawing?
where was the bus located?
who is not able to tell us who was on the bus?
who should stop sending them to 9460 wilshire bld?
where should the tweeters stop sending them to?
who does hillary clinton think doesn't get it?
what kind of reprehensible, prejudiced, and divisive is this?
what did tj oshie describe lyla's day?
thank you everyone for what?
who did lin-manuel play this for?
what did quaara say when she played the game?
what did they put the hospital in?
who put the hospital in hospitality?
who is mary interviewing?
who is interviewing hillary?
who says there is discrimination against whites?
why does more than half of white americans say there is discrimination against whites?
what do we begin to end our lives with?
who is ellen degeneres tweeting to?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who is rematching justin trudeau?
how is louise feeling right now?
what is mandy moore trying to do?
who did michael jordan say was yesterday?
who did lebron james and jeff zillgitt say were on the nba?
who is the guy that showed up?
how did kane perform at the px hockey league game?
what clause did dubinsky sign?
how long was the no-move clause?
who is aoife mairéad talking to?
where does aoife mairéad go to find a lover?
what would make @jk_88 enjoy #justiceleague more?
who's mustache keeps appearing and disappearing throughout the movie?
what does krysi love now?
where does the grease fries her hair?
who hosts #teamheadstogether runners?
where did the duchess of cambridge host the runners?
who should we think about?
what kind of society are the kids growing up in?
who did michelle obama give a hug to?
how long is mark n hamm's iphone?
what did apple do to the phone?
who is kristian nairn sharing her cake with?
what is kristen nairn sharing her cake with isaac h_wright?
who is being congratulated?
who does jabari love?
who did gibbons say threw his arm up?
what did gibbons not celebrate on?
what do we join by?
what is the gift of?
who is sad that she took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what is a black eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give a career to?
what is kanye going to give paul mccartney?
what does sarah want?
what was sarah silverman given?
when was ed sheeran made an mbe?
who made ed sheeran an mbe?
who beat west virginia by 10 points?
how many points did the loss feel?
who is narrating a goodbye letter?
who conducts the orchestra?
what was found on the side of emu's king hall this morning?
where was hate speech found?
what holiday did taylor swift throw a party on?
who didn't throw a party?
what is the best spoken word album of the grammys?
what year was the best spoken word album?
how many black men were shot on the streets in 2015?
what race were the dead?
what did you get from ivy park?
where did cara ann kelly try on everything?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at an afilife dinner?
who did aaron mintz tell kevin pritchard about?
who sent jimmy carter a message?
what team is hitting hard on lester and lackey?
who are the red sox getting hit hard from?
what does chrissy teigen miss for everyone?
who does chrissy teigen miss empathy for?
who's cabinet does saturday night live belong to?
what did trump get from his cabinet?
who replaced david letterman?
who did conan o'brien replace?
what does trump want to do?
who did andy cohen say it all comes down to?
who does andy cohen say it all comes down to?
who took a stick to the face from duncan keith?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face from?
who wrote this tweet?
where did shia labeouf grow up?
who has been enjoying the holiday season?
how does iggy azalea feel about the holiday season?
who reminds us of our strength?
what is amandla tweeting about?
who is flying through the air?
what is spider mable trying to save?
who is losing it that malcolm is gone?
who defeated buffalo in 7 ot's?
when did chelsea handler wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up in the middle of the night?
where did kanye's world hold him down?
who holds kanye down?
who did robin have an actual conversation with?
who is imagining henry cavill's mustache?
what is sarah's favorite part of justice league?
what is westjet doing?
what was the aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl ever?
who is the dancing guy talking about?
how tall is the cat?
what did kim do for joel mchale and his family?
what did arine sharpshooter everitt aaron jameson do?
who is jean-eric vergne praying for?
who does jean-eric vergne pray for?
who performed at the vmas?
what is the name of the first stand alone store?
who was chatting with sjp's first stand alone store?
what is priyanka thanking people for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what is zoe saldana doing?
who is being cast?
with what will kerry washington be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will kerry washington be able to hew out of?
tweet did not show what?
tweet did not show what?
what movie is being reenacted?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm?
how long was deray in the cell?
what do you give a man if you want to test his character?
what issue of wonderland is here?
who is the wonder-babe in the summer issue?
who shared island records and a love for music?
what did melissa etheridge share too soon?
who did ditz koff meet?
what does the nice chap do?
who is right about what we are better than?
what does susan rice want to do?
what does he live for?
who is selena ending?
where is the live look in from?
what did the penguins do in the locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does everyone need?
where is the hostpicio de san jose?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
what does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
what happens when scott sabol grows his beard?
why is scott sabol growing his beard?
who does donna ray send thoughts and prayers to?
who is donna ray praying for?
who does kathleen think is @bmarshh54?
what is the tone of the tweet?
who does kelly want to look like?
what emotion does erin kelly have?
who is casting?
what kind of wimmens are they?
what is the name of the fire?
who did p.k. spend yesterday with?
what did coach say about racist tweets?
what is happening every morning?
what needs to happen for this to stop?
who did halsey love so much?
what kind of ancestry did gae have?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who shared the stage with ming xi?
how many characters did nick jonas use to define his point of view?
how many characters did nick jonas need to define his point of view?
what does she not do?
what happened to people's boyfriends?
who booed the minute of silence?
who are the two teams that are being compared?
what is coldplay's hit song?
what is luke bryan performing?
where is luke bryan going to see y'all?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what color are the people cheering the president's motorcade?
what are the black people cheering?
who does bcraw35 want to be like when he grows up?
when does bcraw35 grow up?
what should you send if you're up and reading this?
who is kim kardashian tweeting to?
what is up for lady gaga?
who is leann rimes giving it up for?
what should you not take advantage of?
what is prince doing in baltimore?
what is prince doing at rally4peace?
where was the meeting?
where did renaud lavoie not have time to change?
what did elton john play at the sunset strip concert?
where did elton john play a very l.a. song?
what is jeff flake writing with martin heinrich?
who is the author of the bill?
who is playing the latest trans serial killer?
who is playing a trans woman?
who is tearing up the community?
who should condemn these acts of violence?
who loses it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who does justin think looks familiar?
what would lee look like if someone looked familiar?
who was there when texas needed him?
what kind of art was made possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the plane land?
who is the woman holding?
what will old thor be known as?
who did donald trump say was dumb?
how many polls did donald trump win?
what gets a 10?
how many points does the kiss get?
who returned to 8h with a message for  Felicity jones?
who did tina fey send a special message to?
what color is the carpet?
what was on the carpet?
who is gabby sidibe rebuking?
who does gabby sidibe want for a president?
what has sold out?
what did kim kardashian say about the light selling out?
what did olivia wilde say of anton yelchin?
what happened to anton yelchin?
who does not recall who's been naughty or nice?
what does jeff sessions on the shelf not recall?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who should not be told his hall of presidents figure is unspeakably hideous?
what would be funny if you told donald trump's figure was hideous?
why did he have to do a retake?
what year was this tweet posted?
who still has time to do the right thing?
when will eagle not announce?
where did justin timberlake find his outfit?
what is justin timberlake wearing?
who did kanye think didn't care about black people?
who did kanye think didn't care about black people?
what did rob post that wasn't just "leaked nudes"?
what did rob post that was not leaked nudes?
what commercial does frank thorp think the cabinet needs to look like?
who did rep sanford say the cabinet needs to look like?
who is the ultimate it girl?
what magazine is she shooting for?
what did someone leave?
where is the waterbottle located?
why did he go back to where?
who is trending over brangelina's divorce?
what team are they talking about?
who is the author of this tweet?
who has god in his life?
what does steph have in his life?
who is allan walsha talking to?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many catches did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the punter?
what is the hashtag used in this tweet?
who is in love?
where does she slam her face into?
who saves the met gala every time?
what does rihanna save?
where was bill murray last night?
when did bill murray see bill murray?
who did brianna yellen thank?
what is brianna thanking vp biden and mariska for?
what can't lin-manuel's dad stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel merriam's mom do?
where did sam hinkie get to see joel embiid?
who did sam hinkie get?
how many people texted marissa asking if she saw pizza rat?
what is marissa concerned about?
who is poppy miller talking about?
how is pottermore feeling about sharing the play with everyone who is coming?
what kind of people hanged the world?
how many thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world?
how many mcdavid buffalo sabres hockey jerseys does eric stanger want to buy?
what team is mcdavid playing for?
where was the abuse of power?
who messed with the wrong one?
who has closed the deal to play comey in american crime story?
who is kyle chandler playing?
where is steven stamkos showing some good power from?
what did kylie jenner say that 2016 was the year of realizing things?
what does zina simone want you to know?
who does jon levine feel solidarity with?
where does jon levine feel solidarity with ann coulter?
what kind of plea is bill o'brien giving?
who would like to work with us more?
what is the link in?
who does smollett love?
what kind of video is set to #reunion?
what year is the class of?
how long has camilla diaz taken a break from making movies?
what can't she say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what does galiberal want to do with cops ex-military and reacting based on military training?
who is vogue fair correcting this error with?
what is oprah doing with two hands?
where did they grow up?
how did christian wood feel to see b2nyce die?
what did snoop dogg do at sethrogen's halloween-themed fundraiser?
what holiday is the fundraiser for?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many general managers has jeff gorton been named?
who was tyra banks telling?
who was the great agt final moment?
who is donald trump accusing of being nasty to trump?
who told the mayor of san jose that he must be nasty to trump?
who is drake congratulating?
what show does kensington palace want you to remember?
who did the duke and prince harry say hi to?
when will mammoth be open daily?
when will mammoth be open?
why did they open up a statewide hotline number?
why did they open up a statewide hotline number?
who are they welcoming to the red carpet?
how are the troops being welcomed?
who does marcus love?
where does marcus gomezz love this policeman?
who gave a great speech?
what did donald trump congratulate him on?
who is taking to the skies?
what is the duchess going to do?
where is taylor swift putting her music back?
what is katy perry doing?
who does josh want to stop twisting people's words?
what is john krasinski a part of?
what did john krasinski find after the picture was taken?
who is so mad at this dude?
where is josh eating the tiniest cookie?
why is josh in an airport eating the tiniest cookie?
what does jimmie johnson have a chance to do?
what do the legends belong to?
what is jason aldean happy about?
this year just gets better and better
who were the founders of bodega?
what did ew kelly ellis call the business?
who's win streak ends at 22?
how many wins did the indians have?
what does joe budden hope kids don't do?
what does joe think about running up to ppl's homes?
where did pasco deputies respond to the fire?
how many people were on board the boat?