who has the most to lose?
what deflated as much as new england patriots footballs?
what does john d. sutter think of the endangere driver?
what is a sexy bastard in this channel?
who answered kemba's floater with a three?
what is the score of the game?
what was the score?
who's floater did wiggins answer?
what is 201 a picture of?
what was the name of the event?
who is adam davis tweeting to?
what does adam davis want to eat at the pizza?
who is looking good in practice?
when is tsonga practicing?
what mall was mukuria's favorite mall?
what did mukuria chege say westgate was?
what type of inmates were photographed?
what is the photo looking at?
what is yblume excited about?
when did judy blume start researching the novel?
who is elizabeth warren congratulating?
who is elizabeth warren trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
what does rand paul resolve to do?
what does rand paul want to do with his words?
what should a progressive populist candidate do?
what is emilia claudia celebrating?
who is going to celebrate the big game of thrones win?
who does meredith salenger love?
where is meredith salenger the luckiest girl?
who is jeb bush giving 5 stars to?
why is jeb bush giving kimmel 5 stars?
who did lenny kravitz say passed away?
what instrument did lenny kravitz play?
what position did miguel aces?
how far did miguel aces the 15th?
who did la galaxy go out as a champ?
who is tim howard congratulating?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who does john colapinto wish luck to?
who is being cyberbullied?
who did not like chris spags blog calling her fat?
what will the new york mets wear during bp?
who are the nypd hats honoring?
what happened to giancarlo?
what does melania trump say about donald?
who said "donald gets things done"?
how far is belgium camp from the canceled game?
what did klinsmann not offer to use?
who's death made jay sean sick?
how old was paul walker when he died?
when are the games going to end?
who is dffpilms1 talking to?
what shows did scott feinberg say were the best of the 21st century?
when was breaking bad aired?
who does lebron james not have a meeting with?
what channel does brian windhorst tweet from?
how old is james woods?
where did james woods want to take amber and her friend?
what is russia trying to do?
who does lindsey graham not have to be to figure out what russia is up to?
what website is down?
what country is affected by the facebook outage?
who is announcing super hero girls?
what is new about dc super hero girls?
who does he go out of his way to find on podcasts?
what sport does greg cosell enjoy talking about?
who did charles ramsey help rescue?
where did charles ramsey help rescue amanda berry?
what hashtag does alexa penavega use in her tweet?
how does alexa feel about david cassidy?
what is the former ice cream store now?
who looked like the former ice cream store would be out of business?
who is tweeting about knight_mtv?
what happened to knight_mtv jemmye carroll?
who manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
what does franklin harris call rypton?
who is paying homage at the show?
who is paying homage at the show?
where was the photo taken?
what was it to work for ben bradlee?
what did leslie jones get two ways to watch?
where are the olympics?
what is the new partnership with republic records?
who has a partnership with do you think i'm sexy?
what can trump change?
what means trump can change the internet?
who did lauren meet in one day?
who waits in the parking lot?
where is the parking lot located?
what has td16 intensified into?
how many named storms are there?
what did not a single man accept?
what color is the tux?
what did keegan allen say about appens?
what is mute bae sad about?
how much goes to charity?
who was pranked by dmicelinelson?
who is the president of turkey?
what did turkish president erdogan not export to america?
what is aprie wearing at work?
when is aprie grudier freezing?
who spent half her life sharing a bathroom with a transgender sister?
how much of her life did she spend with a transgender sister?
who osted a video of him?
where was the video posted?
who does liam say he likes the show?
what does liam love when families do?
what is cher ready to do?
what show is swiss army man trolling?
where is swiss army man from?
where is izureen going to die?
what is izureen asking if he is going to die?
who voted for a 94 crime bill?
what bill did hillary clinton support?
who made carly mallenbaum famous?
what did the song do?
who didn't save jazz?
what did emma stone say ryan didn't save?
where will he take his rants?
what will john legere do with his rants?
why is cara delevingne upset?
how would situations end if cara wasn't able to vent?
who just acknowledged sebastian the 6yr old boy?
how did m&g propose to michael?
who is a trump supporter?
what team did paris attacks play against?
what nationality of fans booed a minute of silence?
where is this special night?
who is inducted into the uk athletic hall of fame?
who is @bassellalsad shooing away?
what did bassellalsad wear this summer?
what is an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign?
what is melissa mccartney/sean spicer riding on?
who is cruising down the street on a podium?
what shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
what will happen when the glory of the Lord is revealed?
what is staples asking you to do?
what kind of prize pack does the tweeter want to win?
who is celebrating mlk day?
what can do that?
who is clock running for?
who is trump running for?
what is arie trying to comfort someone while they tell?
who is trying to comfort someone?
what did reese witherspoon snuggle with oprah?
who is reese witherspoon snuggling with?
who are they mad at?
what isn't future's priority?
who has taken a nosedive in recent years?
who is frank inviglio tweeting about?
what app has been deleted?
what did dani delete?
who will not be able to sleep until she knows how the person figured out they were on the wrong flight?
how many people have been inconvenienced?
who is back in action?
what is fantastic in star wars: the last jedi?
who's statements were known to be false?
who filed a court complaint?
who did josh gad say passed away?
what did josh gad refer to as a titan?
why is he leaving?
what did iggy azalea think of jordan feldstein?
what city is naturally segregated?
what race is in the middle?
who said "we are the change that we seek"?
what day is being celebrated?
where did the military police try to arrest him?
why did macedonian military police try to arrest kim?
what did james harrison say they better be?
who sings "anyone on my team sits for anthem, they better be in a wheelchair"?
who kissed simone bles on the cheek?
where did zac efron kiss simone biles?
who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
what did usatoday find out about 9/11?
what can't tummy sticks wait for?
where are the thinkpieces from?
what is equal in the election?
how long has nick jonas been making this record?
what has nick jonas been making for a year and a half?
what country did donald trump say was happening?
what channel was the story broadcast on?
what is steven bowditch's lead?
where will steven bowditch go with a four-shot lead?
what should GMs play with?
what does paul bissonnette want gm's to feel?
what did evrett edwards plant?
where did evrett edwards plant the iowa flag?
what is the name of the new service?
what does a president do?
what does trump believe in?
who shared insights about working on harry potter play?
what did paul, noma and cherrelle work on?
what will come out as soon as we have one?
how is mike shinoda feeling?
who has ideas brewing for batgirl?
what is joss whedon brewing ideas for?
where did taylor crash a photography session?
who crashed a photography session in nashville?
where can you bid for an autographed washcaps sweater?
who did the red wings not want?
who didn't believe they would get mike green?
who made zayn name one of his shoes 'zigi'?
who has a shoe collection?
what does paul f. tompkins look at?
what will be thru the roof?
what did questlove spin?
what did kenien mention about questlove?
who is in the video?
where did mcconaughey drive students?
who wrote this tweet?
what level is blank space taken to?
who does nyasha think anyone who can keep a straight face while mary j. blige is singing at them deserves
where did katyperry pull up to?
where did bill hader do a prank?
who did bill hader prank at iroquois high school?
who is unsure if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
who is pending surgery on malkin's elbow?
what does michael keaton call hidden?
who called hidden figures?
how many people asked why a korean group was playing coachella?
what did people ask why a korean group was playing?
what is tony cest doing about nomaj?
who did the queen meet at whipsnade?
why would you expect a few people to be there?
what company is on strike?
where is the picketing located?
who has a lockerroom set for player arrival?
where is the player arriving?
who is mandy moore proud of?
how did mandy moore feel about terling brown?
what is coming to an end?
how does meghan markle feel about the end of the tig?
what was monika standing in line to use?
what year was this tweet posted?
where is john boyega going to film his reaction?
what will he film?
what tour is gwen excited for?
what is gwen stefani excited for?
what will you have if you're a member of the beyhive?
what is a member of that will have the upper hand in today's game?
what is ramon proud to have on lebron james?
who has a tattoo?
where did they map amber waves of grain?
what were the most popular?
who thinks delta is the worst airline in america?
what is the worst airline in america?
who plays nick kroll's brother?
where did fred armisen play billy's brother?
who is cancelling all appearances at the mostate fair?
why are all appearances cancelled?
who was drake dancing like?
what was drake dancing like Carlton in his music video?
who is interested in surveillance images?
what is shia labeouf interested in?
when is he getting up shots?
where was paul brought to check he wasn't wearing a wire?
what show is this on?
what is gal gadot wearing on her wonder woman press tour?
who is a superhero to women everywhere?
who is interviewing ovechkin?
what is bryzgalov interviewing ovechkin?
who is releasing music together?
what did selena & abel release?
what story looks to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
what band does trevor story belong to?
what color is the ensemble?
who does beyonce's wax figure look like?
what caused travel headaches and impact plans?
where may rain and storms impact plans?
who are the photos from?
what magazine did kim kardashian shoot photos for?
who are the coyotes getting asked about?
what is getting lots of attention in ari?
what is brian truitt tweeting about?
what type of characters does black panther have?
what did ellen forget?
where did ellen degeneres forget her id?
who doesn't see color?
what is chris brown talking about?
who will his donation go to?
who did kevin durant score against tonight?
who did earvin magic johnson hope was watching?
where did the eagles of death metal make their return to?
what band played a concert in paris?
who is octavia spencer going to miss?
what did octavia spencer miss?
who is kevin hart challenging to a 3 point contest?
how many points will green get?
who does rachel handler have arms for?
who loved/lived to act?
what could not stop doris roberts?
who is on the ice?
when was jsyk told he was on ice?
who is justin bieber thanking?
what did justin bieber say about the nrjawards 2015?
what does tim burchett think about the decision?
what does tim burchett want to find?
when was the new addition unveiled?
who is in the 1st intermission?
where was the performance scheduled to take place?
who asked lindsay ell not to come?
what happened to merck's computer network?
who sang the national anthem at the @lildickytweets concert?
what was jim harbaugh singing at the concert?
who did taylor swift get to perform?
what song did lisa kudrow perform?
when would you have said "so excited to watch arie as #thebachelor"?
what is arie playing?
what does trinity bramhall say about calling muggle no-maj?
what is an important one that needs to be had?
how does kerry washington describe KW's cover?
what does kanye sound like when he stands up?
what does kanye do when he stands up?
who is kyrie irving handing his jersey to?
what did kyrie iving hand his dad?
who is he taking this season to?
who is baking this season?
who is the chief strategist?
when was emma lazarus's "new colossus" added to the statue of liberty?
when did emma lazarus raise funds for the statue of liberty?
who did one of the most despicable things he's ever seen happen on tv?
how many people were killed in the terror attack?
who said there is no reason to be alarmed?
who threatened a professor?
what will the media decry?
what makes me wish I was an american?
speech like this make me wish I was what?
who was late to the party?
why is she late to the party?
who is sipping from a red solo cup?
what color solo cup is tom hiddleston sipping from?
where is the studio located?
what kind of avenue is the studio located at?
who doesn't have to wear a dress tonight?
when does the pope say you don't have to wear that dress?
who goes 5th?
who is ranked 6th?
who is taylor swift's relationship with?
how long did nick know about taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship?
who is ryan adams thinking of?
who did ryan adams meet with?
what panel is bill murray attending?
who has a rock-star arrival at rock the casbah panel?
who is kelly xu playing with?
what type of role model is kelly xu?
who does billboard think is her generation's gay icon?
what isn't an explicitly and specifically for-the-community anthem?
how many people died in bike gang violence?
what were the offensive fouls on?
how many offensive fouls did harden get?
who deliberated longer in the cosby case?
what did the jury deliberate longer than in the philando case?
who is happy to have signed to capitol uk?
what does capitol uk have an amazing history of?
what is the teaser poster for?
who is happy to show you the teaser poster?
what awards are there no women nominated for?
when was the exchange?
who pleads case to center?
how long would they have traded coldplay for?
what would you have traded for?
where is the concert taking place?
who is living his best life at the ed sheeran concert?
what did he talk him through?
where did blakes shelton spend an entire day?
how many years of eurovision did glen weldon say helped explain why europe is less hung up about gay stuff than the us?
who is less hung up about gay stuff than europe?
where did shia labeouf go a couple of years ago?
who had a vision?
who's logo was fixed?
how much money did milo receive?
what metal did katieledecky get through the detector?
who did mlb take to get through the detector?
who did lil chano never meet?
what did lil chano thank anton yelchin for?
who has the goods?
what is confronting its role in the world?
what word did ally read?
who was good until i read the r-word?
what show is being referenced?
what does saturday night live show?
what is ny strong and full of?
how does lin-manuel mann say york is?
what did the president effectively ask sessions?
who asked sebastian sessions for his resignation?
who did martha stewart illuminate a tree for?
what holiday did martha stewart wish?
who must be laughing at the negative press?
what are the russian officials laughing at?
where did the queen and members of the royal family stand after the trooping?
who are the members of the royal family watching?
for what charity did kukkatori print dress and flip flops go?
what is kukkatori wearing?
what does cookie's fur replace?
who does cookie's fur match best?
what is zac watching?
where is zac efron dominating?
what does bernie sanders welcome?
who are the friends of mccadam, immelt and bernie sanders?
what movie is ryan coogler directing?
where is sam smith from?
what is sam smith's heart with the victims and their loved ones?
who wore a signature smile after her best bar routine yet?
what did simone biles flash her signature smile after?
what won't john green use in a book?
where is the word allyslikeastar not?
who is this tweet from?
what color did kerry washington say to wear on a tuesday?
what movie is han solo a part of?
what is the name of the guy playing?
who just arrived in london?
why did i arrive in london?
what was the fastest goal scored in postseason history?
how long was the time span?
who is the cover star?
when does the issue hit stands?
who spoke at harvard's jfkjr forum?
when will the lecture take place?
where is olympics from?
who makes her want to punch herself in the face?
who is vancity reynolds thankful for?
what is rebecca michelson's timeline happy with?
what is rebecca michelleson's timeline full of?
who had a dream?
what day did tyra banks want to celebrate?
who does kdtrey5 and deandrejordan6 support?
who does nbc olympics want to support?
what is the world's top selling watch?
who is apple's watch ahead of?
who is selena gomez's ex?
what rule did selena gomez break?
who is recording after everything i've done for you?
who is @dlchamplin talking about?
what must the internet remain?
what does andrew cuomo want to protect?
where does toya wright's heart go out to?
who should hope there are no "tapes" of our conversations?
who should comey start leaking to?
what kind of ticket did jordan support?
what does jordan think of jordan's campaign?
where is drake from?
what is drake's song called?
what does pope think when he thinks things can't get any better?
what is the name of the concert?
who is carly talking about at the concert?
who is open to moving out of the 1st pick?
what are the texans open to?
what color is ceelo?
who is the birthday card for?
how much was the birthday card?
who does mike eruziano wish good luck to?
when did janet release together again?
what disease did janet lose her friend to?
who is rob schneider lecturing?
what is rob schneider lecturing on?
what surprised bbc radio 1?
what can you watch?
who referred to lies as "alternative facts"?
who was unnecessary?
what is not ed sheeran?
what religion is the student?
who was harassing a muslim student?
what is jay walker looking for?
what is the best way to get a tattoo?
who is rebooting back to the future?
what kind of cast is paul feig rebooting back to the future?
who wants nicki minaj to go home?
how many people are talking about this?
who's 9th catcher interference this season?
when did jacoby ellisbury record his 9th catcher interference this season?
what did cruelty never make someone?
what did madonna say to girl rosie?
who is wearing an mk purse?
what is ceelo wearing?
what is in the movie that delivers?
where is the new hero in town?
where did fans vote for bon jovi?
what does bon jovi appreciate?
who will not play tonight?
what did cooper say drouin will do?
who does lena dunham love?
what may she not wear?
how long is jason excited to be a part of the sharks organization?
who is jason excited to be a part of?
who is the walking dead partnering with?
what did drake university put down to ensure a quality photo?
who's show is the important update from?
how long has it been seen for?
who is eb confused about?
what is timberlake going to put out?
what is the member of the tenors singing?
what did the member of the tenors do?
who is using phrases like slob kabob and unleashing your khaleesi?
what is elizabeth talking about?
who did reba transform?
what is reba wearing?
what does lady gaga not need?
what is lady gaga describing?
what makes arie excited?
what does danko jones say?
what is kanye doing with "stay in your seat"?
what kind of ology was accepted?
what does everyone make?
what agency has a reputation in tatters?
who did billie jean king ask to meet with alexisohanian?
what does she need to do with her little girl?
what sport does mike mazeo play?
what did plumlee say was a victory for the nets?
what holiday is ellen degeneres celebrating?
what kind of people are undercover?
what did megan walker make a decision between?
who made the decision between utah, nd & uconn?
what race are the women at work?
where does this happen to black women everyday?
what movie did lefou have a "gay moment" in?
what kind of moment did lefou have?
who does summer gorgey-martin wish understood the importance of this issue?
what is summer gorgey-martin calling it?
who spent 2 weeks cheering on american athletes?
how many weeks did leslie jones spend cheering on american athletes?
who had a glass of wine?
what did he drink last night?
who does waves think has been snubbed?
what are they covering with their new bandages?
what is a free sample at u by kotex?
who is sporting her natural hair as domino?
what is zazie sporting her natural hair as?
who did donald trump expect better from?
what does donald trump wonder about megyn kelly?
where is amb doer's office?
who tweeted that the white house beer was safe and sound?
who needs to know?
what are the only colors you need to know?
what is the restaurant menu printed for?
what is made with arkit?
who did vance try not to make this about?
what did she not want to make?
who has landed for now?
what is the giant herd of star wars concert attendees doing?
who was cast in wrinkle in time?
who did mindy kaling cast in wrinkle in time?
who should return note7 power?
what will he bring back?
who is in russia?
how many fans did anze kopitar arrive at his home rink to?
where did anze kopitar arrive?
who is trending right now?
what day is it that regina george is trending right now?
what did the freedom caucus save?
where are the democrats smiling?
what is hbo doing with nhl?
what is hbo doing with the nhl?
what do you get once in your life to laugh at someone's horrible misfortune?
what is the free pass to laugh at?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
what has matt lucas always depended on?
who does katie couric want to ask?
who does katie couric think has something to ask?
who is putting up shots in l.a?
where is gordon hayward putting up shots?
who owns an acoustic guitar?
what awards are being presented?
who did klye klgrlaen think had a heart attack?
what did klye almost have?
who was the heart and engine of the great ac/dc show?
who did bernie marsden spend time with?
what was mike rifles charged for?
where did mike rifles enter?
what should people not do about curry?
what should you do?
where did lacey holsworth and her family go?
who made the trip to msg?
who performed on dancing abc tonight?
what is jonathan scott encouraged to do?
who should be given an honourary decoration?
this concert has done an amazing service to what country?
who drops the microphone and moves on down the road?
where does the president move?
what would chrissy teigen make of dead bodies?
who is donna brazile sad about?
what is dr maya angelou's sister caged in?
why is harry, ginsh, and albus otter playing?
who does pottermore want to introduce you to?
what is lady gaga's lifelong dream?
how does rachel feel about herself?
how often does rachel lindsay cut her grass?
what is kim doing to keep the song secret?
how is nicki feeling about writing raps?
what will nicki mnaj do?
what does shannah purser have about it?
what is she trying to come to terms with?
what did jay z make a mini series of?
what cast is the mini series with?
what is a free pair of?
who is giving away a pair of limited-edition shoes?
which three states did idaho not visit?
who will be visiting idaho?
who stepped out today in a dress?
how does the duchess of cambridge feel about the dress?
who plans to appear at rodgers spring training?
who is rudolph wilson's baseball agent?
who won a tony?
who wrote this tweet?
where were the protests?
what happened during the protests?
who is the official tweeter of the vmas?
who should you watch?
what new series is eugene mirman hoping to be cast on?
what revival news gave holly wilson new life?
what did gilmore girls revival news do for holly wilson?
what was rihanna put on this earth to do?
where did rihanna slaughter the competition?
how fast does the evening pass?
what kind of glasses is patricio drinking?
where is billy horschel playing?
who is he playing with?
what is the mcnugga?
what is rick and morty talking about?
who's fan base is gay?
who is a majority of ariana's fan base?
what happened to nicki outside?
where did nicki go after getting beat up?
what can people be taught to do if they learn to hate?
what must people learn to do?
what did steven colbert portray on tv?
who should look into steven colbert's behavior?
who will be miss golden globes 2016?
what will corinne foxx be?
what does jose manuel calderon want to stop?
what city does jose manuel calderon want to pray for?
what does chrissy teigen call this?
who calls this the "short skirt"?
how many runs did they run for every turnover?
who credits improved assist to to ratio to tom crean?
what has an emmy nomination?
who made laura janee look like a superhero?
who is laughing hysterically?
who is the best dressed pick?
who does donald trump refuse to call a lightweight reporter?
what will he call megyn kelly?
why is he happy?
what does he not mean?
what should you listen to?
what are citizens appealing to?
who is ben thanking?
what is the author of this tweet saying?
what is the angry white man joking about?
what does lena want to do?
what is kelechi okafor going to do when applying for a job?
when does kelechi okafor say "hite british"?
who added a little gay to their tale?
what is the tale as old as time?
what state's senate election is this?
who had a high turnout in the alabama senate election?
who sent a video message to treacee ellis ross?
what is michelle obama celebrating?
how many minutes did the train not arrive?
where is the goal horn located?
what does the guy like to do?
what state is the cafe located in?
what should we do if we seize the means of production?
what does sean mcelwee want to seize?
who did peter have a baby with?
what tooth did mcdreamy have?
what we know about love is a lie?
who is giphy mourning?
what does lebron drive?
what did lebron do when he came home?
who is screwing with ashley?
who is being made the next bachelor?
who does ashley zlatopolsky never thought would be incorporated into a wilson's world skit?
what year was this tweet posted?
who will play comey in the movie?
what year was this tweet posted?
what disease did douchie caliendo's dad battle?
how many people are talking about this tweet?
who is retiring from the dc police department?
how many years has Cathy lanier been with the mpd?
what is the least embarrassing thing to happen in america in 6 months?
what country is this march in?
what is the short film that kristen stewart introduces?
who introduces a short film?
what is tonight's lesson?
what state had a larger turnout than obama's?
who wrote a response to why more women didn't win tonight?
who does patrick ryan think it has to begin with?
who's candy shop is it?
what does kim not play with?
what are they doing to each other?
what does he think about the people running to each other?
who is unravelling psychologically/emotionally?
what is happening psychologically/emotionally according to skip bayless?
what does tyrann mathieu do when she calls her?
why does tyrann call tyrann?
what sport is the best?
what is chris neil fighting for?
what does her daughter get a block from school?
what news did she get?
why does fabletics want to take a quiz?
who does fabletics love?
who is on stage?
who is getting more amped?
who calls it for what it is?
who is on law & order svu?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who is the tallest host in late night?
who was dewey ocean stopped by?
what did the cops do when they stopped him?
what is niall going to miss?
how does niallofficial describe the obamas?
what do we know about the outcome of the women's march?
who did the patriots win over?
what day does ryan seacrest say every day is?
what does seacrest thank her for?
who said he will use malkin and crosby together?
who will coach bylsma use together on a line?
what should donald trump be given?
how many "tapes" of t people colluding are there?
what university are the students protesting at?
what are eastern michigan university students protesting against?
what arena is framed by pat quainn way & g Griffiths way?
who will rogers arena be framed by?
what demographic is under armour targeting?
who is targeting the emergency room nurse demographic?
who did kermit the frog ask for a song to release on christmas?
what did kermit the frog ask @electricmayhem for?
what did nott jiller work on?
when will nott jiller be on aetv?
how many words did drake write?
what did rihanna respond with?
who does obama joke to?
where is the stanley cup?
what app is being referenced?
what does tinder allow you to do?
what does akira miele think there needs to be?
who needs retraining and counseling?
what did lzhernandez and iamvalc dance?
what does the gold medalist get?
what makes nationwide police reform possible?
what is being outlawed?
where was the bus going?
who is not able to tell us who was on the bus or why it was in birmingham area?
who should stop sending them?
where should they be sent to?
who does hillary clinton think should not get it?
what kind of rhetoric does hillary clinton think is reprehensible, prejudiced, and divisive?
how does tj oshie describe lyla?
why is lauren cosgrove3 thanking everyone?
why did lin-manuel play this?
what did the neighbor say?
what did they put in the hospital?
who put the hospital in hospitality?
who is mary interviewing?
who is interviewing hillary?
who says there is discrimination against whites?
why does more than half of white americans say there's discrimination against whites?
how do we end our lives?
who is ellen degeneres tweeting to?
who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
who is justin trudeau rematching?
how is mandy moore feeling right now?
what is moore trying to do?
who did michael jordan say put larger onus on the nba?
who did jeff zillgitt say is putting a larger onus on the nba?
what is the name of the guy who showed up?
how did kane perform at the game?
what clause did dubinsky sign?
how long was dubinsky's deal?
who is aoife mairéad talking to?
where does aoife mairéad go?
what would make him enjoy the justice league more?
who's mustache keeps appearing and disappearing throughout the movie?
what does krysi love on her scalp?
where does the grease fries her?
who hosts the #teamheadstogether runners?
where is the duchess hosting the runners?
who should we think about?
what kind of society are kids growing up in?
who did michelle obama give a hug to?
how long has mark n hamm's iphone been running?
what did apple do to the phone's battery?
who is kristian sharing her cake with?
what game is kristian nairn talking about?
who is mangold congratulating?
who does jabari love?
who came over and threw gibbons' arm up?
what is martin not celebrating on?
what is the gift of having a gift to give away?
what is the gift of?
who is sad that she took a spot away from a more deserving player?
what is a black eye for women's golf?
who is kanye going to give a career with?
what is kanye going to give paul mccartney?
what does sarah ask if someone gives her?
what did sarah ask for?
when was ed sheeran made an mbe?
who made ed sheeran an mbe?
who beat west virginia by 10?
how many points did alabama beat west virginia by?
who is narrating a goodbye letter to basketball?
who conducts the orchestra?
what was found on the side of emu's king hall?
where was hate speech found?
what holiday did andrea maie say didn't happen if taylor swift didn't throw a party?
who didn't throw a party?
what was the best spoken word album of 1997?
what year did becca morgan win?
how many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
what race were the dead in chicago in january 2017?
what did you grab from ivy park?
where did cara anne kelly try on everything?
who is shocked when meryl streep is at the afilife dinner?
who's plans did aaron mintz tell kevin pritchard about?
who sent jimmy carter a message?
what team did lester and lackey play for?
who are the red sox getting hit hard from?
what does chrissy teigen miss?
who does chrissy teigen miss empathy for?
who has a great rack?
what did trump get from his cabinet?
where did conan o'brien replace david letterman?
who did conan o'brien replace?
what will we do?
who does andy cohen think it all comes down to?
who does andy cohen say it all comes down to?
who took a stick to the face from duncan keith?
who did charlie coyle take a stick to the face from?
who wants to know what it was like growing up in singapore?
where did shia labeouf grow up?
who is enjoying the holiday season?
how does iggy azalea feel about the holiday season?
who reminds us of our strength?
what did beyonce remind us of our strength?
who flies through the air as her theme song plays?
who is spider mable trying to save?
who is losing it that malcolm is gone?
who beat buffalo in 7 ot's?
when did chelsea handler wake up?
where did chelsea handler wake up in the middle of the night?
where is kanye holding down?
who holds kanye down?
who are they having a conversation with?
who does sarah think is laughing at henry cavill's mustache?
what is sarah's favorite part of justice league?
what is westjet doing?
what was the aircraft inspired by?
why is the dancing guy living his best super bowl ever?
what is the name of the dancing guy?
how big is the cat?
what did kim do for joel mchale and his family?
what did henry k. lee say about arine sharpshooter everitt aaron jameson?
who does jean-eric vergne pray for?
who does jean-eric vergne pray for?
who performed at the vma?
what is the name of the stand alone store?
who are they talking with?
what is priyanka thanking people for?
what is priyanka looking forward to?
what is zoe saldana doing?
who is being cast?
with what will kerry washington be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
what will kerry washington be able to hew out of?
tweet did not show
tweet did not show
what movie is being reenacted?
who is doing a good reenactment of the monstars?
what were the words shouted with the most enthusiasm?
how many hours was deray in the cell?
what do you give a man to test his character?
what issue of wonder-babe is here?
what wonder-babe is in the summer issue?
who shared island records and a love for music?
what did melissa share too soon?
who did ditzkoff meet?
what does benedict cumberbatch do?
who is right?
what does rice want to hear?
what does @cos_ican live for?
what drama is he living for?
where is the live look in from?
what is happening in the locker room?
who is feeling pretty confident in warm ups?
who is going to be tough?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
who is the biggest larrie out there?
what does everyone need?
where is the hostio de san jose?
who would have been split between gryffindor and ravenclaw?
who would matilda have been split between?
who does k-dub call for the rest of the year?
when is scott sabol growing his beard until?
why is scott sabol growing his beard?
who do thoughts and prayers go out to?
who's family is donna ray praying for?
who sees people in his mentions who think he's @bmarshh54?
how does kathleen describe marshall's tweets?
who does kelly want to look like?
what emotion does erin kelly have?
who's casting should you have your DNA results, birth certificate, and family records present?
how does tree bark describe a multiracial wimmen?
what was the cause of the fire?
who did p.k. subban spend yesterday with?
what did coach say about racist tweets?
what is happening every morning?
what does he think this needs to happen?
who did halsey love so much?
what kind of ancestry is lady gaga?
who shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
who was at the vsfashionshow?
how many characters did nick jonas use to define his point of view?
how many characters did nick jonas need to define his point of view?
what is one thing girls don't do?
what happened to people's boyfriends?
who booed the minute of silence?
who did turkish fans boo during the minute of silence?
what hit song is coldplay performing?
what is luke bryan performing?
where will luke bryan see y'all?
who compares guns with ruffalo?
who does hemsworth compare guns with?
what race are the people cheering?
what are the black people cheering?
who does bcraw35 want to be like when he grows up?
when does bradford craw35 want to see people grow up?
what should you send if you're up and reading this?
who is kim kardashian tweeting about?
what does leann rimes think it takes stamina and hard work to pull off?
who is it giving up for?
what should you not take advantage of?
what is rally4?
what is prince doing at rally4peace?
where was the meeting?
where did he not have time to change?
what song did elton john play?
where did elton john play a very l.a. song?
what is jeff flake writing with martin heinrich?
who is being asked to write a bill with?
who is playing the latest trans serial killer?
who is playing a trans woman+?
who is tearing up the community?
what community should condemn these acts of violence?
who lost it?
what is the security guy about to do?
who does justin think looks familiar?
what did lee think?
who was there when texas needed him?
what kind of art was made possible?
where did the plane land?
where did the plane land?
who is the woman holding?
what will old thor be known as?
what did donald trump say was dumb?
what did donald trump win?
what gets a 10?
how many points does the kiss get?
who returned to 8H with a special message for feicity jones?
who did tina fey send a special message to?
what color carpet does sonia hawks like?
what is on the carpet?
who is gabby sidibe rebuking?
who does gabby sidibe say you can have for a president?
what movie has sold out?
how does kim feel about the light selling out?
what did olivia wilde describe anthon yelchin?
what happened to anton yelchin?
who does not recall who's been naughty or nice?
what does jeff sessions on the shelf not remember?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who is a young adult and private citizen?
who would get mad if he told him his hall of presidents figure was unspeakably hideous?
what is rex hupke referring to?
what did he do instead of taking a picture?
what year did simone biles have to do a retake?
who has time to do the right thing?
how many people are talking about angela eagle?
where did justin timberlake find his outfit?
what is justin timberlake wearing?
who did kanye think didn't care about black people?
what did kanye think about bush?
what did rob post?
what type of porn did rob post?
what commercial does gov haley think the cabinet should look like?
who is the governor?
who is the ultimate it girl?
who is she shooting for?
what did someone leave in the press photo?
where is this press photo from?
why did he go back to?
who is trending over bradley's divorce?
what team are they talking about?
who is the author of this tweet?
who has god in his life?
who does steph have in his life?
who is allan walsha talking to?
who needs to relax on desean jackson?
how many catches did desean jackson have?
who dropped the ball?
who wrecked the punter?
what is sean diddy challenging people to donate to?
who is in love?
where does she slam her face into?
who saves the met gala every time?
what does rihanna save?
where did bill murray see bill?
what time was bill murray at the bar?
who is brianna yellen thanking?
what did vp biden and mariska thank each other for?
what can't lin-manuel's dad stop listening to?
what did lin-manuel merriam's mom cry about?
where did sam hinkie see joel embid?
who did sam hinkie get?
how many people texted me asking if i saw pizza rat?
what is alarming marissa?
who is poppy miller talking about?
how is poppy miller feeling about the play?
what kind of people hang the world?
how large of a group can change the world?
how many mcdavid buffalo sabres hockey jerseys does eric want to buy?
what hockey team does eric stanger want to buy 10,000 jerseys for?
where was the abuse of power?
who messed with the wrong one?
who has closed the deal to play comey in a crime story?
who did kyle chandler play in a crime story?
where is steven stamkos showing power from?
what did kylie jenner say that we've all realized?
what does zoe saldana say is to her?
who does jon levine feel solidarity with?
where does he feel solidarity with ann?
how does bill o'brien describe his plea?
who does bill o'brien think would like to work with?
where can you link in?
who does jussie smollett love?
what kind of video is being shown?
what class did bon jovi want to see do great things?
how many years has cameron diaz taken from making movies?
what can't camilla diaz say to herself?
how many cops are ex-military?
what does galiberal want to do with cops?
who is juggled with two hands?
what is oprah doing with two hands?
where did christian wood grow up?
how did christian wood feel when he saw b2nyce die?
what did snoop dog do at the fundraiser?
what is the theme of the fundraiser?
who has been named the 11th general manager in nyr franchise history?
how many general managers has jeff gorton been named?
who did tyra banks tell to root for?
who is the greatest #agtfinale moment?
who was very complimentary only a few days ago?
who has told the mayor of san juan?
who is drake congratulating?
what show did the duke and prince harry say hi to the star wars cast?
who did the duke and prince harry say hi to?
when will mammoth be open daily?
how often is mammoth open for shredding?
why did they open a statewide hotline number?
why did cuomo open a hotline number?
who is being welcomed to the red carpet?
how are the troops being welcomed to the red carpet?
who does marcus love?
where does marcus gomezz love this policeman?
who tulated scott walker on a speech?
why did donald trump congratulate me?
who is taking to the skies?
what is the duchess taking to the skies for?
where is taylor swift putting her music back?
what is katy perry doing?
who does josh jackson think we don't like?
what is john krasinski talking about?
what did john krasinski find after the picture was taken?
who is so mad at this dude?
where is josh eating the tiniest cookie?
why is josh groban eating the tiniest cookie?
what does jimmie johnson have a chance to do?
what do the legends belong to?
what is jason aldean happy about?
how does jason aldean feel about this year?
how many ex-googlers was bodega founded by?
what did ew kelly ellis name the business?
who provided us with an unforgettable cleveland story?
how long did the indians win streak end?
what does joe budden hope kids don't do?
why does joe budden think running up to ppl's homes is dangerous?
where did pasco deputies respond to a fire?
how many people were on board the boat?