Who has the most to lose?
What did New England Patriots footballs deflate?
What would the #endangeredriver be a sexy bastard in this channel?
What would be a sexy bastard in this channel if it had water?
Who answers Kemba's floater with a three! game tied 106-106?
What is the game tied at?
How many games did MONSTARS BASKETBALL play?
What did MONSTARS BASKETBALL answer with a three! game tied 106-106?
What is the name of 201 shooting star?
What type of surprise did 201 generate?
What is the name of the name of the dog that I eat?
What do I do about a dog?
Who looks good in practice ahead of his first match in the #DavisCupFinal #cnnsport #CNNOpenCour
What is Tsonga looking good in practice ahead of the final match?
What mall did Mukuria Chege visit earlier today?
What was Mukuria Chege's favorite mall?
Who was in the cell of Andrew Cuomo?
What did Andrew Cuomo look at the hole cut in?
What is the name of the novel that was published on December 15, 2014?
When did Judy Blume start researching the novel?
What is the name of the person who you're trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame @Sen
Who are you trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame?
What does Rand Paul do to speak in more vague terms?
What does Dr. Rand Paul want to do?
What did bc a progressive populist candidate focus on?
What is the name of the name of the person who won the #GameofThrones?
Who is going to celebrate the big #GameofThrones win?
Who did Meredith Salenger love?
I'm the luckiest happiest girl in the universe?
Who did Jeb Bush give you 5 stars?
What did Jeb Bush do?
What is the name of nny Kravitz?
What type of guitar could anyone play a thousand notes and never say what you said in one?
When does Miguel aces from 174 yards?
Where does Miguel aces the 15th?
Who is tim howard?
Who did tim howard go out as a champ?
What is the name of John Colapinto's project?
What is the name of John Colapinto's project?
What isSpags?
Who did not like my blog calling her fat?
What will we wear today during BP to honor #OfficerMoore?
What is the name of the officer who will wear #NYPD hats during BP?
Who hit Giancarlo?
What does Melania Trump say about CNN Politics?
What is the name of the name of CNN Politics?
How long is Belgium camp from canceled game at US base?
What did Klinsmann offer to give a ride to Belgium camp?
What was the name of the man who died?
What was Paul Walker's death?
When do games wait until we are old enough to vote #lastlaugh?
Who has fun and games waiting until we are old enough to vote?
What was BREAKING BAD's sion show of the 21st century?
When was BREAKING BAD?
Who does LeBron James have a meeting set with?
Who is Brian Windhorst?
How old was Amber Tamblyn?
Where did James Woods want to take us to?
What is Russia trying to undermine?
What do you need to be to figure out what Russia is up to?
What is the extent of outage?
How many people affected #facebookdown Saeed Ahmed on January 27, 2015?
What is the name of Super Hero Girls?
What is the name of the new DC Super Hero Girls?
Who is Greg Cosell?
Who does Greg Cosell listen to?
Who did Charles Ramsey help rescue?
How did Charles Ramsey help rescue Amanda Berry?
What is Alexa PenaVega's name?
What was the name of the tv daddy who worked with Alexa PenaVega?
What is the former ice cream store now called?
What kind of aid is out of business for a while?
What is Jemmye Carroll's name?
What did Jemmye Carroll lose to justify the connection we shared and the pain I will forever feel?
Who manages all three strikes with just its announcement?
What is MAN OF STEEL's name?
What is the name of the homage I paid at the #  (@MADBLACKTHOT) June 27, 2017?
Who did me pay homage at the #  (@MADBLACKTHOT) June 27, 2017?
What party did Ben Bradlee attend?
What was Ben Bradlee's work honor?
What did Leslie Jones watch?
What is the name of the two ways to watch the OLYMPICS?
What is the name of the newly minted partnership with @republicrecords?
Who was a member of the re-imagined "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy"?
What does Net Neutrality meanTrump can change?
What meansTrump can change the Internet?
Who was Laurie Hernandez?
Who waits in a parking lot on waterman ave in San Bernardino?
Where do office workers wait in a parking lot on waterman ave?
What has #TD16 intensified into in SW Caribbean?
How many storms has #TD16 intensified?
What did not a single man accept a #Golden?
What type of tuxedo isn't enough?
What did @KeeganAllen say about appens at the end of the season?
How many years has Mute Bae gone?
How much does #ICYMI@smosh go to charity?
What was pranked by @dmicelinelson?
Who doesn’t get to export abuse against journalists to America NPC President?
What does Erdogan not get to export to America NPC President?
How many scarves do I wear at work?
When did April Grudier start wearing a jacket?
What is the name of the name of the #Transgender sister who ran out of TP?
How much of my athroom did I spend with a #Transgender sister?
Who osted this video of Ellen DeGeneres on ellentube?
On what site did Portia & I post this video of him?
Who doesn't agree with Liam Payne?
What kind of families do i love?
What is the name of the person who can take a DREAMER In2 Their Home & Protect Them?
What does Richard Lawson say SWISS ARMY MAN is trolling the audience?
Where does Richard Lawson live?
Izureen (@Izureen_) will u die in what?
When is u going to die?
Who attacked Hillary Clinton on a 94 crime bill that he voted for?
What bill did Sanders voted for?
Who was the singer of Carly Mallenbaum?
What song did @GraceVanderWaal make?
What is the name of the song that you didn't save jazz?
What genre of music did -Emma Stone not save?
Where will I take my rants?
What did JohnLegere write on December 28, 2017?
What was Cara Delevingne's name?
What would happen if I wasn't able to vent to you guys?
Who just acknowledged Sebastian the 6yr old boy I got a M&G who proposed to her with a pretty pink ring?
What was the name of the M&G who proposed to Sebastian?
What is the most disappointing thing I've learned today?
Who did Turkish fans booed a minute of silence on those killed in #ParisAttacks?
Who booed a minute of silence on those killed in #ParisAttacks?
Where did the WallStar get inducted into the @UKAthletics Hall of Fame?
Who is inducted into the @UKAthletics Hall of Fame?
What do I wear when I wear my romphim this summer?
What is the name of the harlot that I wear this summer?
What Russian connection is merely an attempt to cover up the mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign?
Where did Spicer and Melissa McCarthy cruise down the street?
What type of spicer is cruising down the street on a podium?
What shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together?
What will the glory of the Lord be revealed?
What is your prize pack?
What kind of prize pack did Staples US win?
What is the name of the #MLKDay?
What can do that?
Who is Baron Damm running for?
Who is Baron Damm running for?
What story did Sarah Wainschel tell?
Who tried to comfort someone while they tell a sad story?
How many eggs does Reese Witherspoon have?
Who did I never apologize for snuggling?
Who did y'all find a way to be mad at?
What did Future say isn't his main priority?
@kevloria has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
Who has taken a real nosedive in recent years?
What app is officially dead?
What app did Dani delete?
What is the name of chrissyteigen?
How many people have been inconvenienced?
Who is back in action with #StarWars: #TheLastJedi?
What is fantastic about Luke Skywalker?
What was the name of the Court complaint filed by Cassell?
Who filed a court complaint against DERSHOWITZ?
Who was a Titan?
What is the name of the Titan?
What is the name of the name of the person who left the Frontal?
What was Jordan Feldstein so saddened by the news?
What is naturally segregated?
What is Taharvey Davis?
What is the name of the change that we seek?
What is the name of the birthday of President Barack Obama?
Who tried to arrest me for taking a photo of Kim Hjelmgaard?
What did the Macedonian military police try to arrest me for taking?
What is the name of the person who's going to listen to James Harrison?
Who says "Anyone On My Team Sits For Anthem, They Better Be In A Wheelchair"?
Who was Simone Biles?
What did Simone Biles kiss me?
Who wonders if we could have done more to prevent 9/11?
Where did Dave Majewski arrive?
What did #FyreFestival attendees say they can't wait for?
What is the name of the theme of the #Fyre festival?
What is equal time?
How long have I been making this record?
What year and a half has Nick Jonas been making?
Where is Donald J. Trump located?
What was the name of the story that Donald J. Trump broadcast on?
What four-shot lead does Bowditch have in the last ring?
What is the last hole of a PGA TOUR tch that will head to the last with a four-shot lead?
What does GM play with?
What is the biggest thing that makes GMs feel?
What flag did Evrett Edwards planted in Iowa?
Where did Evrett Edwards plant the Iowa flag?
What is the name of the service that I expect someone to start?
What is the job of a president?
What does Trump believe in helping economy & bringing back?
Paul, Noma, noma and cherrelle e insights about working on #HarryPotterPlay: Pottermore?
What do Paul, Noma and Cherrelle share exclusive insights about working on?
What will come out as soon as we have one?
What is the official statement that will come out as soon as we have one?
Who has a few ideas brewing for BATGIRL?
Joss Whedon has a few ideas brewing for what?
Where did Taylor crash a photography session?
Who crashed a photography session in Nashville this weekend?
What section did you visit during #CapsSens to bid for a chance to take home one of these autographed @washcaps
What did the Red Wings believe they would get?
Who didn't believe they would get Mike Green?
What makes Zayn name one of the shoes 'Zigi'?
What is Malikah Meyer's name?
Who knows the prayers & hymns by heart?
Who knows the prayers & hymns by heart?
What did @Questlove just spin?
What did Alexander Pettyton mention?
Who did Matthew mcconaughey drive students around for surewalk?
Where did Matthew Mcconaughey drive students to?
What are ts.?
What does iftlin look like?
Who is Nyasha?
What is the name of the liberation station?
Where did Grace Aroune Bill Hader perform a senior prank?
Bill Hader did a senior prank at Iroquois High School @BiIIHader #snlA
Who is uncertain if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
Who is Malkin unsure of if he'll need surgery on his elbow?
What does Michael Keaton call 'HiddenFences on stage Hollywood Reporter?
Who calls 'Hidden Figures'?
How many people asked why a Korean group was playing Coachella?
Why was a Korean group playing Coachella?
What is tria's lowkey growing on me?
Who does The Queen meet at Whipsnade?
What did Bette Lynch think there were a few who are nervous about?
What type of strike picketing is seen from 100 Cambridge Street @ Casey Liston?
Where is #verizonstrike picketing located?
What locker room set for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi vs. Canada?
What is the name of Team USA for player's arrival prior to tonight's semi vs. Canada?
What was the name of the name of the man who was so proud of?
Who was Mandy Moore proud of @SterlingKBrown?
What is coming to an end?
How sad is The Tig coming to an end?
What is the name of the restroom used by Monika Bittner?
What year did Monika Bittner use the restroom #SochiProblems?
In what city is traffic set up?
What is the name of John Boyega's reaction?
What tour is Gwen Stefani excited for?
What is the name of the date for the #ThisIsWhatTheTruthFeelsLikeTOUR?
What are you gonna have when you're a member of the Beyhive?
What is the name of the group that you're a member of?
What does LeBron James want to have every game he plays?
What is the name of James' tattoo?
Where did we map the amber waves of grain?
What is Let's Grab A Beer?
Who is the worst airline in America?
What is Ann Coulter's name?
Who plays my brother?
Who did Fred Armisen play my brother?
Who will visit North #STL County on August 14, 2014?
How can the governor visit north stl county?
What was Drake dancing like in Hotline Bling Ani Caribbean?
What did Drake dance like Carlton in his music video?
Who is interested in how surveillance images can be manipulated and orchestrated?
What is Shia LaBeouf interested in?
After what shoot-around did Stephen Curry get up shots?
What did Paul bring you to make sure you weren't wearing a wire?
What was the name of the night of November 5, 2017?
What did Gal Gadot Shuns Heel in Favor of on Her Wonder Woman Press Tour?
What does Rox Chic call Shuns Heels a Superhero to Women Everywhere?
Who interviewed Ovechkin?
What is nterviewing Ovechkin?
Who releases music together?
What does Selena & Abel release?
What is the name of the #Rockies story?
What does Trevor Story look to be all the way back from thumb surgery?
What color does Kate Gosselin wear?
Beyonce's wax figure at @MadameTussauds looks like what?
What are travel headaches & impact plans Memorial Day weekend in central & eastern U.S.?
What are the impacts of rain & storms in the United States?
What is the name of the GQ cover shoot?
What is the name of the cover shoot that @kimkardashian shot?
What do Coyotes get asked about?
What type of player has a lot of attention in ARI?
What is mply awesome?
What type of characters does BlackPanther have?
What did Ellen DeGeneres forget?
Where did Ellen DeGeneres come from?
Who doesn't see color?
What is the name of the red cross?
Who will GO TO MY DONATION?
Who did Kevin Durant score against tonight?
Who was watching Kevin Durant?
Where did Eagles of Death Metal return to after attacks?
When did Eagles of Death Metal return to Paris?
Who is octavia spencer?
What did obama do to obama?
What is the name of the 3 point contest I'm challenging?
How many people are I challenging @Money2 to a 3 point contest?
What do I have arms please advise rachel handler?
Who loved/lived to act?
What could stop Doris Roberts?
What did Dustin Penner call Dustin Penner?
When did Dustin Penner trade?
What awards did Justin Bieber receive?
What did he have a great time?
What did Tim Burchett say was the right decision?
What does Tim Burchett find?
When was the #PEEPS zamboni unveiled?
What is the new addition to the 1st intermission?
Where was a scheduled performance scheduled for listeners?
Who asked me not to come bc of my personal life?
What type of hack did we confirm our company's computer network was compromised?
Who sang the national anthem at the @lildickytweets concert?
What did Jim Harbaugh sing at the @lildickytweets concert?
Who did @taylorswift13 get to perform 'Smelly Cat'?
What did @LisaKudrow perform?
How long ago would I have said about The Bachelor Lady?
Who was Arie's name?
What does Trinity Bramhall refuse?
When did kerry washington open the conversation?
What is the title of the cover of KWs?
What does Kanye sound like when he stands up?
What does Kanye do when he stands up?
Who does @KyrieIrving hand his first Celtics jersey?
What did @KyrieIrving give his Dad his first jersey?
Where is the season of DWTS coming from?
What is the name of the ba aking this season to the Maks?
Who is Chief Strategist?
When was Emma Lazarus's "New Colossus" added to the Statue of Liberty?
When was Emma Lazarus's "New Colossus" added to the Statue of Liberty?
Who did one of the most despicable things I've ever seen happen on television, reality or otherwise?
How many people were killed in the terror attack?
Who was the mayor of?
Who threatens a professor?
What culture does media decry?
What makes me wish I was an American?
What did a speech like this make me wish I was?
What is the name of West's joint account?
When was Kim Kardashian West moving money around?
Who is here at the @edsheeran show sippin from a red solo cup & bopping his head along?
What color is Tom Hiddleston's solo cup?
What is the name of the studio located at 15 Penguin Avenue?
Where is Seth Meyers' studio located?
Who doesn't have to wear that dress tonight?
When do you have to wear a pope's dress?
Who goes 5th?
What is Michael Dal Colle's ranking?
Who has been tired of Taylor Swift?
How long have I known about Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston?
Who is R.I.P?
Who are the kindest people you could ever hope to meet Ryan Adams?
Bill Murray is a rock star at what panel at #SDCC?
Who has a rock star arrival at Rock the Casbah panel at #SDCC?
What was the name of the model Kelly Xu wanted to play with at CBS This Morning?
What is Kelly Xu's role model?
Who is her generation's gay icon?
What isnt an explicit and specifically for-the-community anthem?
How many people do Bike gang violence kill?
What did two straight offensive fouls on inbound plays help the Celtics pull it out?
What date was Marc D'Amico's first offensive foul?
Who deliberated longer in the #Cosby Case?
What happened to #PhilandoCastile?
What is the name of the artist who signed to @CapitolUK?
What type of artists did @CapitolUK have an amazing history of?
What is Emma Watson's new teaser poster for?
Who is Emma x @beourguest?
What is the name of the irector that no women are nominated for?
What kind of exchange did AR ref pleads case to Center?
What is the sity of V?
How long would you have traded Coldplay for?
How long would you have traded Coldplay for 5 minutes of leftshark?
What is the name of the trip that Tom Hiddleston is on?
Who did hiddleston live his best life at this Ed Sheeran concert?
How did Blake Shelton talk me through in my life?
Where did Blake Shelton spend an entire day showing me all the memorabilia he'd gathered over the years?
How long does Eurovision last?
What is the reason why Europe is less hung up about gay stuff than?
Where did Shia LaBeouf go?
Who was Lenny Kravitz?
What logo did Zack Stovall fix?
What is the price of a book deal for Milo?
What did @katieledecky use to get through the MEDAL detector?
Who did katie get through the MEDAL detector?
Who was a good man?
Who did Lil Chano thank for?
Who has the goods?
What is a REAL FREAKING STORY about?
What was the r word that you're trying to be a teenage boy?
What were you so good until I read the r-word?
What is the name of Saturday Night Live?
How many people are in you?
What kind of heroes are you strong and full of?
How are you full of everyday heroes?
What did the President ask Sessions for?
How many times did Preet Bharara ask for his resignation?
What was the name of the tree that was illuminated for?
What is a Merry Christmas wherever you may be?
Who must be laughing more at the constant negative press covfefe?
What are Russian officials laughing at?
Where do The Queen and members of The Royal Family stand after the Trooping?
What is the name of the royal air force that The Queen & members of The Royal Family watch?
What is my #MarimekkoFor?
What is the name of my #MarimekkoForTarget haul?
What does Cookie's FUR match the best?
What does Cookie's FUR match?
How many people do I watch on the floor?
What does the #FinalFive do?
What does Bernie Sanders welcome?
What class did McAdam, Immelt and their friends belong to?
What is the name of the black panther that you hear about Ryan Coogler is OFFICIALLY directing # Breezy?
Where is my heart with you always and forever?
What type of news is Sam Smith's heart with?
Who d her signature smile after her best bar routine?
What was the name of the C Olympics?
What does John Green use in a book or elsewhere?
What is the name of @Allyslikeastar?
Who did washington have a great reminder of the #DayWithoutAWoman?
What color do you wear to support a #DayWithoutAWoman?
What is David Dennis Jr.'s name?
What movie is Donald Glover movie?
Who was the first person to arrive in London?
What was the name of the john legend who just arrived in London?
What are the fastest 3 goals the team has scored in their postseason history?
What are the fastest 3 goals the Predators have scored in their postseason history?
Who hits stands 3/15?
How long is the April cover star @elliegoulding?
Who did @SenRand speak in @Harvard's @JFKJrForum?
When did @SenRandPaul speak in @Harvard's @JFKJrForum?
Who is Olivia from?
What makes me want to punch myself in the face?
What is the name of ryan's daughter?
What is the name of my favorite ensemble cast of all time?
How many gilmore girls are in my timeline?
What was the name of the king that we could one day make ours come true?
What was Tyra Banks dreamed of?
Who will support you like @KDTrey5 and @deandrejordan6?
Who will support you during the NBC Olympics?
What is world's top selling watch ahead of Rolex?
Apple Watch is world's top selling watch ahead of what?
What is the name of ivana gomez's ex justin bieber?
What was the rule of dua lipa that selena gomez broke today?
Who recorded "After Everything I've Done for You"?
What is Rachel Bloom's name?
What must the internet remain?
What is New York's name?
Who do my heart go out to?
Who does @realDonalldTrump hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press
Who did James Comey start leaking to?
What type of ticket did you campaign for in recent times?
What year did Jordan paigne for the most anti-LGBTQ+ presidential ticket?
Where is Drake a houstonian Jamaican Spanish rapper from?
What is Drake's song called?
What does David Pope do when you think things can't get?
What is Carly Mallenbaum's name?
What was Carly Mallenbaum's taste at the #starwars fan concert #Sdcc 2?
Who is Smith on #Texans?
What are Houston Texans open to?
What metal does Ceelo look like?
What does Charlotte Wilder call your Grandmother and Thank Her For The Birthday Card and Twenty Dollars Yet 1?
How much did Charlotte Wilder call Your Grandmother And Thank Her For The Birthday Card and Twenty Dollars Yet 1?
Who can come to an agreement with USA hockey?
When did Janet release an anthem to a friend she lost to HIV/AIDS?
What did Janet lose to in 1997?
Who is JOHN FRIGGIN LEWIS?
What would Martin Luther King Jr. have done?
Who is @justinbieber?
@justinbieber is here!
Who rs to their lies as "alternative facts"?
What was so unnecessary?
What was so unnecessary?
What type of student was harassed by Trump supporters?
Who harassed a Muslim student?
What do you need to do on the @The7Line web site?
How do Jay Walker get my #mets tattoo on @The7Line web site?
Who did Bob Z believe in me?
What is BTTF18?
Who wants me to go home?
How many Island girl did Donald Trump want me to go home?
Who was the 9th catcher in the 1st inning?
In what inning did.@JacobyEllsbury record his 9th catcher interference?
What did Cruelty never make anyone?
Who is Rosie?
Who is wearing an MK purse?
What does Ceelo wear?
What is the name of the new movie that DELIVERS?
In what movie is there a new hero in town?
What was the name of the rock hall in Bon Jovi?
What are your votes, posts, and videos?
Who will not play tonight?
What will Jonathan Drouin play on tonight?
Who does Lena Dunham love?
What does Lena Dunham wear?
How long was Owe a part of the sharks organization?
What is the name of the organization that was excited to be part of?
What is the name of the new VR experience we’re partnering with to bring you a NEW TWD VR experience?
How many foot imprints did people try to recreate the photo of @Drake?
What was the name of the #tidalxseason4 show?
How long does Carly Mallenbaum update from Kanye's #tidalxseason4 show?
What was the name of the man who put out a country album?
What did Eb the Timberlake promo do?
What did the member of the Tenors sing here?
What did the member of the Tenors hold?
Who is Kerry Mahony?
Who is Elizabeth?
What type of transformation is the @reba on?
What did Maeve McDermott wear on her Colonel Sanders transformation?
What do I DO NOT NEED to see?
What is Lady Gaga's dream?
What makes Sarah Seale excited?
What did Wayne's World like to revisit in 2015?
In what year was Wayne's World revisited?
What kind of ology accepted by CNN?
What does everyone make?
What organization did Comey run?
What is the name of the @serena?
What does Billie Jean King squeeze?
What sport did Mike Mazzeo play on April 09, 201?
What did Plumlee win for the nets?
What kind of thanks to Ellen DeGeneres?
Who are the ones who have eggs as their profile pics & are probably undercover?
How many colleges did Megan Walker make in 2017?
Who made #TheDecision between UT, ND & UConn?
What type of women do this happen everyday at work?
What happens to black women everyday?
Who did Michelle Layfield say would have been a thing if nobody had said that #LeFou had a "gay moment"
What was the name of BeautyAndTheBeast?
Who understood the importance of this issue?
What is the name of the start of the debate?
Who spent 2 weeks cheering on American athletes?
How many weeks did Leslie Jones spend cheering on American athletes?
What is the name of the wine that @TheSergioGarcia drank last night?
What wine did @TheSergioGarcia drink last night?
What type of snubbed has been snubbed?
How many blisters do you get at U by Kotex?
What is a free sample at U by Kotex?
Who sporting her natural hair as Domino?
What is Zazie's natural hair?
Who did Donald J. Trump expect better from?
What is Donald J. Trump's agenda?
What beer is safe & sound in #AmbDoer’s office?
Where is the @WhiteHouse beer safe & sound in #AmbDoer’s office?
What do the USC Trojans need to know?
What are the only colors you need to know about the USC Trojans?
What business did the restaurant menu print?
What is the world's menu print business?
What did I try to make about?
What did I really try to do on...— Vanessa (@OhNoLarreh) May 2, 2017?
Who is the giant herd of?
What is Mallenbaum's name?
What is the name of the word "mindykaling"?
Who is the name of the name of Mindy Kaling?
What is the name of John Legere's name?
What will bring you back a copy?
Who is in Russia?
How many fans did Anze Kopitar arrive at his home rink?
Where does Anze Kopitar arrive?
What is trending right now?
When is Regina George trending?
What did the Freedom Caucus save?
How many mocrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare
What type of hbo is HBO done with?
What does the NHL produce?
What do you get once in your life to laugh at someone's horrible musfortune?
What do you get a free pass to laugh at someone's horrible musfortune?
Who did Matt Lucas depend on?
What kind of strangers did Matt Lucas depend on?
What is the name of @chrishemsworth?
Who is alGadot?
Who is putting up shots in L.A.?
Where is Gordon Hayward putting up shots in L.A.?
Who should carry an acoustic guitar more often?
How many awards does mberlake have?
Who had a heart attack?
What was George R.R. Martin's heart attack?
Who was the heart and engine of the great AC/DC show?
What company was the heart and engine of the great AC/DC show?
Mike Richards was charged for what?
Where was Mike Richards charged for Possession of Controlled Substance?
What should anyone in their right mind do about Curry?
What does Baron Davis do?
Where did Lacey Holsworth visit to watch Adreian Payne and the Spartans?
Who made the trip to Madison Square Garden to watch Adreian Payne and the Spartans?
Who did the @DancingABC stage play tonight?
What do you want to do on the @DancingABC stage?
Who has done an amazing service to the UK?
Who did this concert give an amazing service to?
Who drops the microphone?
What is the name of Whoopi Goldberg?
What do celebs know you'd make to get retweets?
Who will always love you?
What was the caged bird?
How many people did Harry, Ginny and Albus Potter introduce you to?
Who are Harry, Ginny and Albus?
What was my lifelong dream to be a las vegas girl?
What is Rachel Lindsay's name?
How often do I keep my grass cut low?
What is Kim Kardashian West's name?
How many people wrote raps for #YoungNicki to spit on TV?
I'll write raps for what?
What does Shannon Purser feel about it?
What can be really scary for Shannon Purser?
Who did jay z make a mini series?
What is the black cast of the mini series that jay z made?
What is a free pair of @GeorgeHWBush?
What is the name of the limited edition @GeorgeHW?
What is the name of the three states he has yet to visit?
What is Mark Knoller's first visit to Idaho?
Who stepped out today in Jenny Packham dress?
What does Duchess of Cambridge love?
Who plans to appear at @Rangers spring training?
Who is Russell Wilson's baseball agent?
Who won a Tony?
Who did John win a Tony?
What type of protests did Melania Trump protest?
What kind of protests did Melania Trump have?
What is the name of the EOfficial @JONBOOGIEE #VMAs #WhatDoYouMean?
Who did you watch me nae nae nae  @justinbieber @JBLAZEOfficial
What series did Eugene Mirman star on?
What kind of revival news has given me new life?
What has the Gilmore Girls revival news given me new?
What did rihanna do each year at #MetGala?
What is the name of the competition that rihanna slaughtered?
How fast does the evening pass drinking champagne glasses?
How fast does the evening pass?
When did Billy Horschel play?
Who was Billy Horschel?
What does the "McNugga" mean?
What is the hat you wish for?
Who's fan base is gay men?
What is Ariana's fan base?
What did Nicki get beat?
What was Nicki's name?
How can people learn to hate?
What do people need to learn to?
What did Steven Colbert portray on TV for many years?
Who should look into Steven Colbert?
What is the name of the name of Corinnefoxx?
What year will I be able to announce that I will be?
What does the newsHave to stop?
What is the name of the #PrayForTheWorld?
What is the name of the short skirt?
What is the name of the "short skirt"?
How many times did Yogi Ferrell run for every turnover?
Who improved assist to TO ratio to Tom Crean?
What race does emma grace have?
Who did the @ChildSuperHero thank you for bringing Calyn home?
Who is laughing hysterically?
Who is my #metgala best dressed pick?
Who does Donald J. Trump call a bimbo?
Who does Donald J. Trump call Megyn Kelly a bimbo?
What does Brad Paisley mean a candy egg delivering plushy bunny?
What does Brad Paisley mean by "he"?
What words did you just LISTEN to?
What are citizens appealing to?
Who is Ben's name?
What is violence unnecessary from?
What is Lena Dunham joking about?
What do I want to do to Lena Dunham?
What does Kelechi Okafor say I'm going to tick when I apply for a job?
When do I apply for a job?
Who adds a little gay to their tale as old as time of beastiliaty?
What is the name of x Goldschmidt?
In what country did the Daily Show show show the high turnout of Black women?
Who did the Daily Show show show show?
Who sent a video message to @TraceeEllisRoss to celebrate her @WomenInFilm award?
What is the name of the woman who celebrates her @Women?
How long did a new isles goal horn arrive?
What sounds like a train easing into the station due to train traffic ahead?
What type of burger does the Iowa cafe create?
What cafe creates Trump burger for the guy who likes to ham it up?
What is the name of the #MillennialBillofRights?
What does seize?
Who had a salt-and-pepper haired, gap toothed baby?
What gap tooth did McDreamy have?
What is a lie?
What is the name of the name of GIPHY?
What does LeBron drive?
What is the name of the Kia that LeBron drives?
Who screwed with me by making Arie the next Bachelor?
What is the next Bachelor?
What is incorporated into a Wayne's World skit #2015?
When was Kanye West incorporated into a Wayne's World skit?
Who will play Comey in the movie?
When did Jenn Bishop arrive?
What type of cancer did my dad have?
How many people did Dougie Caliendo have on February 4, 2016?
Who announces her retirement from the DC Police Department?
How long is Cathy Lanier's retirement?
What march is the least embarrassing thing to happen in America in 6 months?
In what country is the #JuggaloMarch march the least embarrassing thing to happen?
What short film does Kristen Stewart introduce?
Who introduces 'Come Swim' at # Patrick Ryan?
What is the lesson of tonight in Alabama?
Where was the black turnout in 2018?
Who was the WTF response to why more women didn't win tonight?
Who has the creativity in their hearts and their souls?
What is Kim Kardashian West's candy shop?
What does Kim Kardashian West do not play with?
What is the name of the person who runs into each other?
What is the name of the people who run to each other?
Who is nraveling psychologically/emotionally?
Where is LeBron coming unhinged?
When did Tyrann Mathieu talk to another person?
When is Tyrann Mathieu deceased?
What sport is the best?
Who did Chris Neil fight for?
What does Patricia Arquette get a block from school?
What was the name of the eps she was nominated for?
What do we do to personalize shopping?
Who does Fabletics love you?
Who is now on stage?
Who gets more amped # Eli Blumenthal?
Who calls it for what it is?
Who is on the new Law & Order SVU?
Who is the tallest host in late night?
Who is the tallest host in late night?
Who will tell Dewey Ocean in I'm in #WrongSkin?
What did the cops say to Dewey Ocean?
What does Niall Horan miss?
What is the nicest family on earth?
What does NBC News know about Madonna at #WomensMarch?
What cluding penalties did the Patriots RB win over?
What is every day when u have the best mom in the world?
What is nSeacrest's name?
Who said he will use Malkin and Crosby together on a line depending on how the game plays out?
What did Bylsma say he will use together on a line depending on how the game plays out?
What should Donald J. Trump give me?
How many "tapes" of T people colluding?
Where do students take the campus to protest racist graffiti?
What do Eastern Michigan University students protest?
What is the name of the Vancouver Canucks?
What will @RogersArena be framed by?
What demographic did Steph Curry and Under Armour target?
Who targeted the emergency room nurse demographic?
Who did I ask for a song to release on Christmas?
What did @ElectricMayhem ask for?
What did @nottjmiller work?
When does he take home a #CriticsChoice Award?
How many words did Drake write IMessage?
Who wrote a 657 word IMessage?
Who did Obama joke about Stanley Cup?
Where does Obama joke to Canadian PM Trudeau?
What app does Wil use to meet people and have dates?
What do you use an app like tinder instead of undermining your self confidence with a wall of silence?
What is Akira Miele's goal?
Who needs to be retraining and counseling provided to our police?
What do @lzhernandez and @iamValC dance?
What do @lzhernandez and @iamValC get?
What makes police reform possible?
How can we limit cops to 9-11 calls?
Where was the bus located?
What is Megan West's name?
What are some @CriticsChoice#deaththreats?
How many @CriticsChoice#deaththreats are going overboard?
Who did Hillary Clinton trump on not getting it?
How many people were reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive?
What is the best day of our lives?
What did you thank everyone for your kind words?
Who did Lin-Manuel Miranda play for?
What did Lin-Manuel Miranda say?
What is the name of the hospital Ethan?
What is the name of the airline we put The Hospital In Hospitality?
Who does Mary J Blige interview to her mid interview?
Who is interviewing Hillary and SINGS to her mid interview?
More than half of who say there's discrimination against whites because of race?
Why does more than half of white Americans say there's discrimination against whites?
What do our lives begin to end the day we become silent about?
Who is Ellen DeGeneres?
Who hasn't wanted to punch chandler?
Who hasn't wanted to punch Chandler?
What year is Mandy Moore elf?
What is Mandy Moore trying to remain?
Who is the NBA's biggest player?
Who is LeBron James?
What was the name of the guy who showed up to the @Piranhas3DPuck game last night?
What was the name of the guy who showed up to the @Piranhas3DPuck game last night?
What did #CBJ / Dubinsky sign for upcoming season?
How long did Dubinsky have a no-move clause for upcoming season and first three seasons of new deal?
What is the name of the name of the #GoTS7 club that isn't the best place to find a lover?
What is where I go?
What does Henry Cavill's mustache disappear?
What mustache does #JusticeLeague have?
What type of grease does Krysilove like?
What does krysilove fry?
Who hosts #TeamHeadsTogether runners at Kensington Palace?
Where does the Duchess of Cambridge host #TeamHeadsTogether runners?
What are kids growing up in a heteronormative society confused n lost?
Where are kids growing up?
What did Michelle Obama give the same no arms hug that my dad uses Bucky Isotope?
How long does my iPhone last?
What did Apple do to my iPhone after the latest “Improvement”?
Where is Kristian Nairn's birthday?
What game of thrones did Kristian Nairn do to poor hodor?
Who was my friend of Mangold's?
Who does Jabari love?
Who did Gibbons lift his arm up?
What did Gibbons say Gibbons had a hard time celebrating on?
What is the gift of having a gift to give away?
What is the gift of joining by the candle?
Who was sad she took a spot away from a much more deserving player?
What are a black-eye for Women's Golf?
Who is Kanye?
What is Kanye going to give to Paul McCartney?
What did Sarah Silverman give me?
What did Sarah Silverman give to her?
When was Ed Sheeran made an MBE by The Prince of Wales?
Who made Ed Sheeran an MBE?
Who beat West Virginia by 10 points?
How many points does Alabama lose to West Virginia?
Who narrates his goodbye letter to basketball?
Who conducts orchestra?
What was found on the side of #EMU's King Hall?
Where was Hate speech found on the side of the #EasternEcho?
When did @taylorswift13 throw a party?
Who did the 4th of July even happen if @taylor didn't throw a party?
What is the name of the best Spoken Word Album?
What year was the Best Spoken Word Album released?
How many black men were shot dead on the streets in 2015?
How many black men were shot dead in Chicago this month?
What ports do mesh & booty shorts, jackets, and leggings have?
What park did I try on everything I could grab from?
Who's face is shocked when Meryl Streep is at her #AFILife dinner?
Aaron Mintz told Kevin Pritchard his message about who's Lakers plans?
What is the head of Habitat?
What ting hit hard on Lester and Lackey?
What are some of the contenders for #RedSox to get hit hard on Lester and Lackey?
What does christine teigen miss?
Who does christine teigen miss?
What is the name of the cabinet in which I belong?
What kind of rack did nbcsnl have?
What day did I replaceDavid Letterman?
What was the name of the name of the person who was replaced by @nickkroll and @StephenAtHome?
What will Donald J. Trump do?
What is Andy Cohen's name?
What is Andy Cohen's name?
Who took a stick to Duncan Keith's face?
Who did Charlie Coyle take a stick to the face?
Who was born in Singapore?
Where did Shia LaBeouf grow up?
What is the name of AZALEA?
What does the holiday season seem to be?
Who did you thank for reminding us of our strength?
What was Amandla's name?
What type of e flies through the air as her theme song plays?
What does #SpiderMable's theme song save?
What is the name of the name of the person who hates Malcolm?
BALLGAME.@WMU?
When did I wake up?
What was the name of the country that I woke up in the middle of the night to make sure I'm G-d again?
What was the name of yne's World Holds Kanye Down?
Who was holding Kanye Down #SNL40?
Who is Kirkland?
Who are my favorite part of Justice League?
What is my favorite part of Justice League?
What is the name of the newest custom-painted aircraft?
What was the name of the aircraft that inspired the custom-painted aircraft?
What is the reason he is living his best Super Bowl EVER #Tech# TGF Tech News?
What is the name of his best Super Bowl EVER #Tech# TGF Tech News?
How tall is Joel McHale?
What year was Joel McHale born?
What was the name of the arine sharpshooter Everitt Aaron Jameson busted in attempted terror attack at Pier 39?
Priez pour mon pote what?
Priez pour mon pote Jules, qu'on ai de bonnes nouvelles rapidement?
Who will always remember this powerful #VMA performance by @Logic301@thegreatkhalid?
What is the name of the first stand alone store that chatting with George Malkemus?
Who were chatting with in SJP's first stand alone store?
Thank you for all of your warm thoughts and well what?
What will I be able to do as soon as I can?
What is the idea that there can only be a few black actors taking central stage at a time?
What is the name of a black actor?
Who will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope?
What is the stone of hope we will be able to hew out of?
What did Zelda Williams show?
What did Zelda Williams show?
What movie is Kentucky doing a pretty good reenactment of the Monstars on @espn?
Who is doing a pretty good reenactment of the Monstars on @espn?
What were the words 'St. Thomas', 'Santa Claus' and 'Cheese'?
How long was deray mckesson in the cell?
What did deray mckesson say if you want to test a man's character, give him?
What summer is COVER REVEAL?
@petracollins & #GaryArmstrong?
Who shared @IslandRecords?
What did IslandRecords have a love for too soon?
Who plays tennis Dave Itzkoff?
Who is Dave Itzkoff?
Who is right?
What does Biden want to say?
What drama did Haha I live for?
What is the name of the drama #SelenaEnding?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Penguins locker room?
What does the #Pens locker room do?
Who feels pretty confident in warm ups?
What is going to be tough for Cara Ann Kelly?
I'm literally dying this is the biggest what song?
Who is the biggest Larrie out there # 1d Beards?
What does everyone need to do at the Hospicio de San Jose in Manilla?
Where is the Hospicio de San Jose located?
Who would have been split between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw?
Who would have split Matilda between?
What does yu call for the rest of the year?
What happens to my beard until the Browns win or end of the season?
What does Scott Sabol say is growing my beard until the Browns win or end of the season?
Who is Seth Thomas?
Who is the family of?
Who ts on twitter and sees the people in his mentions who think he's @BMarshh54?
What type of person does Marshall get on twitter and see the people in his mentions who think he's @BMarshh54?
Who did Kelly look like?
What did I wish I looked like @blakelively?
Where do ur DNA results, birth certificate, and family records appear when u go to?
What type of wimmenz! have ur DNA results, birth certificate, and family records present when u go to Kanye's
What type of fire did Jackson State U. respond to?
Who did P.K. Subban spend with yesterday?
What did P.K. Subban say racist tweets did not affect?
How crazy is this happening?
What does this need to do?
Who just floored me?
What was Gaga's ance?
What shows how to pick yourself and own a difficult moment?
Who is Leslie Odom?
How many characters did Nick Jonas use to define my point of view?
How many characters did Nick Jonas use to define my point of view?
What is one thing I don't do?
What did you do to steal people's boyfriends?
Who boo minute of silence for Paris attacks?
Who did Istanbul fans chant "Allahu akbar" before Turkey?
When does beyonce get here?
What did Luke Bryan perform on @NFL's biggest stage #SB51?
Where is the National Anthem performed?
Who compares guns with Ruffalo #sdcc?
What type of #sdcc does Hemsworth compare guns to?
Who cheered the president's motorcade @USATOpinion?
Who cheered on the roads outside of Selma?
What is Brandon Crawford's name?
When do I grow when they grow up?
What is the name of the nude pics sent to you when you're still up and reading this?
What is the name of Kim Kardashian West?
How long does it take to pull the halftime show up for @ladygaga#SB51?
Who is LeAnn Rimes Cibrian?
What does Liam Payne use instead of taking advantage of?
What was Prince doing at #Rally4?
What did Prince do at #Rally4Peace?
When did Renaud Lavoie realize the meeting was at what arena?
Where did Renaud Lavoie return to when he realized the meeting was at the Arena?
What song did #eltonjohn play at Sunset Strip concert?
When does Bill Keveney play Blue Wonderful?
What did Jeff Flake write to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
Who wrote a bill to prevent anyone convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun?
Who plays the latest trans serial killer?
Who plays a trans woman+?
What kind of thugs tearing up the white community?
Who should condemn these acts of violence?
Who loses security?
What is the security guy about to do?
Who ever thought, "Wow, you look familiar?"
What did Lee ever think Lee would look like if someone looked familiar?
Who was there when #Texas needed him?
What kind of art did @JJWatt make possible?
Where did Tiger Woods land tonight?
Where did Tiger Woods land tonight?
Who is Thor?
What is old Thor now known as?
Who did you find dumb onald J. Trump?
What poll did Donald J. Trump win?
What gets a 10 tho right?
How many kisses does the official DWTS get?
Who returned to 8H* with a special message for Felicity Jones?
What was Tina Fey's special message for?
What type of carpet did Sonia Hawks look like?
What type of carpet did Sonia Hawks look like?
What is the residency of Gabby SidiBae?
What can Y'all have for a president if you want but I'm going to live in this photo forever?
What has sold out?
What happened to Kim Kardashian West?
What was Anton Yelchin's personality?
When did olivia wilde pass?
Who doesn't recall who's been naughty or nice?
What does Jeff Sessions on the Shelf not recall being naughty or nice?
Who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
Who should be allowed the same privacy as her peers?
Who is the Hall of Presidents figure?
Who did Donald Trump say his Hall of Presidents figure is unspeakably hideous?
What did Simone Biles do to do a retake bc?
When did Simone Biles kiss me?
Who still has time to do the right thing?
At what time will Angela Eagle stand?
Who is Justin Timberlake wearing an outfit he found in Johnny Depp’s Goodwill donation bag?
What is Justin Timberlake wearing in Johnny Depp’s Goodwill donation bag?
Who did Kanye think didn't care about black people?
What did Kanye think about black people?
What did Rob post about Rob Kardashian/Blac Chyna?
What kind of porn did Rob post?
What is the ord of Frank Thorp V?
Who did Rep Sanford say the cabinet needs to look like a Benetton commercial?
What is the name of the Ultimate it girl who shoots for V: V Magazine?
What magazine shoot did @HaileyBaldwin shoot for?
What did someone leave a press photo from @DowntonAbbey?
Where was a waterbottle left?
Where did I go back to take a screenshot?
Who is trending over #Brangelina's divorce?
What canucks have you ever loved?
What is the name of the #Canucks #Pucksonnetca?
What is the name of the God in Steph's life?
What does Steph have in his life?
Who thinks there should be no NHL games scheduled on deadline day?
Who did Howard Eskin replace?
How many catches did Howard Eskin have?
Who dropped the ball?
Who wrecked The Cauldron?
What is Sean Diddy Combs' name?
Who *slams face into bathroom counter while getting ready*?
Where do YOU slam face into while getting ready?
Who saved the Met Gala every time?
What does Rihanna save every time?
What bar did Bill Murray visit last night?
At what time was Bill Murray heard?
Who are the names of the utiful scene in the #SVU#WorldsCollide#TrustFin?
Thank you @VP Biden and @Mariska for what?
What verse did my dad listen to on Immigrants?
What did my mom cry?
Where was Joel Embiid #NBAVote?
Who was Sam Hinkie?
How many people who texted me asking me if I saw pizza rat are alarming?
How many people who texted me asking me if I saw pizza rat are alarming?
Who is Poppy Miller #?
What is the name of Pottermore?
What kind of people hang the world?
What group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world?
How many McDavid Buffalo Sabres hockey jerseys does Eric Stangel want to buy?
What type of hockey jersey does anyone want to buy?
What did the #BatonRouge police do?
Who messed with the wrong one?
Who closed the deal to play comey in american crime story?
What did kyle chandler play in a crime story?
Which side did Steven Stamkos show some good power?
What is farzeen?
What does Zoe Saldana say to me?
What is Coulter's name?
What does Jon Levine feel more solidarity with @AnnCoulter than I do?
What is Bill O'Brien's plea to start offseason earlier?
Who would like to work with Bill O'Brien?
What is the URL for Jussie Smollett?
What does Jussie Smollett love?
What video set to #Reunion?
What year did the Class of 2018 do great things?
How many years has Cameron Diaz taken from making movies?
What does Cameron Diaz say she's taken a 3-year break from making movies?
How many cops were ex-military?
How many cops ex-military & react based on military training?
What is the name of VANITY FAIR?
How can we expect @Oprah to juggle it all with just two hands?
Where did Christian Wood grow up?
Where did Christian Wood grow up?
What did @SnoopDogg give away to Carly Mallenbaum?
At what event did @SnoopDogg give his blunt to a witch?
Who was named the 11th General Manager in #NYR franchise history?
How many General Managers has Jeff Gorton been named in #NYR franchise history?
@tyrabanks tells @Preacher who was rooting for you?
What was the name of the #agtfinale moment?
Who was very complimentary only a few days ago?
Who told the Mayor of San Juan that you must be nasty to Trump?
Becca Laurie, PI (@imbeccable) congratulates who?
What is the name of the movie that the Duke and Prince Harry say hi to the @starwars cast?
Who did the Duke and Prince Harry say hi to?
When is Mammoth open?
What day will Mammoth be open for summer shredding?
What did we open up a statewide hotline number to report incidents of bias?
What does this state celebrate?
Who did the #VMAS red carpet welcome?
Who welcomed our troops to the #VMAS red carpet  Video Music Awards?
Who did I love this POLICE?
What is the name of the POLICE MAN?
Who tulated ME on a great speech?
What did @realDonaldTrump just congratulate ME?
Who takes to the skies for an @aircadets flight simulator training session?
What does the Duchess take to the skies for?
What did taylor swift put her music back on?
What is the level of petty i aspire to be?
What do you wonder why we don't like?
How many men did John Krasinski find my shirt JUST after this picture was taken?
What did John Krasinski find after the picture was taken?
Who is Rob Perez so mad at this dude lmaooo?
Where do I eat the tiniest cookie I've ever seen?
What is the name of the tiniest cookie I've ever seen?
How many legends did Jimmie Johnson honor?
What sport does Jimmie Johnson belong to?
What did Jason Aldean add to his family?
What does Jason Aldean do this year?
How many ex-Googlers were - Founded by?
What does Audacity name it?
Who's win streak ends at 22?
How many wins does the @Indians' win streak end?
What do u kids do to run up to ppl?
What is Budden's name?
What did PHOTO I Pasco deputies respond to fire on?
How many people were on board the casino boat?